go on to give voice to to carry out his evangelical mission as the Vicar of Christ to call home the members of the Islamic faith: The pro-Islam speech of Your Holiness leads us to deplore the fact that Muslims are not invited to leave Islam, and that many ex-Muslims, such as Magdi Allam, are even leaving the Church, , to which St. John Paul II has called them (Ecclesia in Europa, No. 57). We are under the impression that you do not take your brother Bishop Nona Amel, Chaldean-Catholic Archbishop of Mosul in exile, seriously, when he tells us: “. I have lost my diocese. . (…) (…). You think that all men are equal, but Islam does not say that all men are equal. (…) If you do not understand this very quickly, you will become the victims of the enemy that you have invited into your home.” (August 9, 2014) “. . Where then would we go to seek refuge? The signatories plea is that the pope will “quickly convene a synod on the dangers of Islam.” We Should Be More Like Sweden: Gov May Use Army Against Immigrant Gangs Progressives say we should be more like Sweden. That means turning our country into . We're getting there too. What should we do? Maybe we should be more like Sweden? Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday. Sweden's murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope. . It's in real life pitting refugee war criminals and terrorists against bureaucrats with badges who are used to telling people not to raise their voices. Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year. One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm. Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants. "It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is ," Lofven told news agency TT. Bringing in the military comes in as an option ahead of cutting migration to . Why would anyone associate rising crime and immigration? Maybe because the gangs in question are immigrant gangs. The government has promised police an extra 7.1 billion crowns ($880 million) through 2020, toughened laws on gun crimes and made it easier for the police to monitor private phone calls and emails, among other measures. Sound familiar? . Meanwhile the Grenade Amnesty doesn't seem to have worked. And the gang violence keeps rising. But who are these gangs? The criminal gang Loyal to Familia has already spread across Denmark from its base in the Nørrebro district of Copenhagen and now it appears to have set its sights on Sweden. Swedish police told the Danish tabloid Ekstra Bladet that the gang is trying to build a presence in both Malmö and Helsingborg. An expansion into Malmö could be a recipe for increased violence in light of the fact that gun violence claimed the lives of 11 people in the southern Swedish city last year. The gang's leader, Shuaib Khan, confirmed that the group is eyeing the two Swedish cities but denied that Loyal to Familia was a “criminal gang”. Just one of those Danish gangs led by a fellow named Khan. America's Immigration Voice. The war for dominance in the Middle East, following the crushing of ISIS, appears about to commence in Syria—with NATO allies America and Turkey on opposing sides. Turkey is moving armor and troops south to Syria's border enclave of Afrin, occupied by Kurds, to drive them out, and then drive the Syrian Kurds out of Manbij further south as well. Says President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, " We will destroy all , one by one, in Syria, starting from Afrin and Manbij." For Erdogan, the Kurdish YPG, the major U.S. ally in Syria, is an arm of the Kurdish PKK in Turkey, which we and the Turks have designated as a terrorist organization. While the Kurds were our most effective allies against ISIS in Syria, Turkey views them as a and intends to deal with that threat. , as our Kurdish allies occupy most of Syria's border with Turkey. Moreover, the U.S. has announced plans to create a 30,000-man Border Security Force of Kurds and Arabs to keep ISIS out of Syria. Erdogan has branded this BSF a " and President Bashar Assad of Syria has called BSF members " This U.S. plan to create a BSF inside Syria, Damascus declared , "represents a and unity of Syria, and a Now that ISIS has been driven out of Raqqa and Syria, Secretary of State Tillerson gave Syria the news Wednesday. The U.S. troop commitment to Syria, he said, is now open-ended. Our goals: Guarantee al-Qaida and ISIS do not return and set up sanctuary; cope with rising Iranian influence in Damascus; and pursue the removal of Bashar Assad's regime. , of indefinite duration, in Syria, when near two decades in Afghanistan have failed to secure that nation against the return of al-Qaida and ISIS? Again and again, the American people have said they do not want to be dragged into Syria's civil war. . Will they support a clash with NATO ally Turkey, to keep armed Kurds on Turkey's border, when the Turks regard them as terrorists? The U.S. coalition in Syria said this week the BSF will be built up "over the next several years" and "be stationed along the borders ... to include portions of the Euphrates river valley and international borders to the east and north." Remarkable: A U.S.-created border army is going to occupy and control long stretches of Syria's borders with Turkey and Iraq, over Syria's objections. And the U.S. military will stand behind the BSF. , should the Turks decide to cleanse the Syrian border of Kurds, or should the Syrian regime decide to take back territory occupied by the Kurds? Who sanctioned this commitment to a new army, which, if Syria and its Russian and Iranian allies, and the Turks, do not all back down, As for Syria's Kurds casting their lot with the Americans, one wonders: Did they not observe what happened when their Iraqi cousins, after helping us drive ISIS out of Mosul, were themselves driven out of Kirkuk by the Iraqi army, as their U.S. allies watched? In the six-year Syrian civil war, which may be about to enter a new phase, America faces a familiar situation. While our "allies" and adversaries have vital interests there, we do not. The Assads have been in power for the lifetime of most Americans. And we Americans have never shown a desire to fight there. Assad has a vital interest: preservation of his family regime and the reunification of his country. The Turks have a vital interest in keeping armed Kurds out of their border regions adjacent to their own Kurdish minority, which seeks greater independence. The Israelis and Saudi royals want the U.S. to keep Iran from securing a land bridge from Tehran to Damascus to Lebanon. The U.S. War Party wants us to smash Iran and remain in the Middle East forever to assure the hegemony of its favorites. COPYRIGHT 2018 CREATORS.COM Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books and are available from Amazon.com. Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of His latest book, published May 9, is America's Immigration Voice. Swedish PM does not rule out use of army to end gang violence JANUARY 17, 2018 / 9:06 AM / A DAY AGO Reuters Staff STOCKHOLM (Reuters) – Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday. Sweden’s murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope. … Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year. One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm. Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants. … “People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday. “,” he said sarcastically. From Reuters:Wikipedia has a page devoted to “ List of Grenade Attacks in Sweden ,” which lists 80 different attacks beginning in 2014. . Congressman: "Credible Evidence" Of “Terrorist Infiltration Through the Southern Border” Related To Las Vegas Shooting We have had the Islamic State claim over and over that they were taking credit for the mass shooting that took place in Las Vegas on October 1, 2017, and that Stephen Paddock was a recent convert to Islam. Now, a congressman is saying there is "" of "terrorist infiltration through the southern border" that is related to the Las Vegas shooting. If you recall, the Islamic State has never claimed responsibility for attacks they were not involved in. Here are just a few of those claims. In Naba 100 #ISIS featured an infographic on #LasVegas attack & indicated the shooter, "Abu Abdul Barr al-Amriki," converted 6 months ago pic.twitter.com/5JhMFbU2Se — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) October 5, 2017 On Thursday evening, Representative Scott Perry (R-PA) appeared on Tucker Carlson tonight and said that he has evidence that the Islamic State may be telling the truth and that they may actually have been involved in the deadly attack. Perry brought up the fact that we can't seem to get information in the case that the public needs to be made aware of, something that was brought up in a district courtroom earlier this week. Additionally, the family of Stephen Paddock just received his cremated remains on Thursday and his brother said that the family has yet to receive an autopsy report. Why is that? Everyone who was killed that night had autopsies and those have been released. We're told Paddock shot himself in the head, right? "Recently I’ve been made aware of what I believe to be regarding potential terrorist infiltration through the southern border regarding this incident," Perry said. "Twice before the attack, ISIS warned the United States they would attack Las Vegas," he added. "In June and August." "And then after the attack claimed responsibility four times," Perry continued. " "I’m just telling you I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus," Perry said. The investigation has been conducted by local and state police, not the feds, and yet, they continue to claim there is not Islamic terrorist involvement. Yet, though they claim that Paddock was a lone gunman, they continue to withhold video of him in Mandalay Bay because they are still investigating other suspects to charge in the shooting. And no one seems to know where alleged Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos is either. None of this is really that surprising. If you recall, we reported on Islamic terrorists settling into Mexico and crossing the border some years back and that came out as the infamous "Gang of Eight" were working on an immigration deal and had rejected building the 700 miles of double-tier border fencing Congress authorized just seven years ago, with a majority of the Senate saying they didn't want to delay granting illegal immigrants legal status while the fence was being built. Three years prior to that report, there was a video report that seems to have provided a bit of evidence to the claim that Islamists were crossing our southern border. And even though Islamic jihadis have been apprehended on our border in 2014, the Homeland Security waved their hand and said, " In fact, DHS had denied Muslim terrorists were crossing the border, but a local investigator produced evidence to the contrary. Reports indicated that some jihadis were paying as much as $50,000 to get across the border. This has been documented for several years now. It's not surprising. . Lawmaker makes about the Vegas massacre (video) Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote. Americans still have no idea what happened in Las Vegas in October. And one lawmaker is hinting that the . During an appearance with Tucker Carlson on Fox, Rep. Scott Perry (R-Pa.) said he’s seen credible evidence that ISIS was involved in the devastating Las Vegas shooting. ISIS terrorists, he said, infiltrated the U.S. via the southern border prior to the attack blamed on alleged lone gunman Stephen Paddock. “Recently I have been made aware of what I believe to be credible evidence, credible information regarding potential terrorist infiltration through the southern border regarding this incident,” Perry said. Perry added that ISIS warnings of a forthcoming attack on Las Vegas prior to the shooting make a terror link even more likely. “Well, they could be–lets face it, ISIS twice before the attack, ISIS warned the United States that they would attack Las Vegas in June and August after the attack claimed responsibility four times. Meanwhile, the local law enforcement investigative services are telling us there is no terrorist connection–lone gunman, again, Perry replied. An incredulous Carlson asked fellow guest Catherine Lombardo, a lawyer representing families affected by the tragedy, about the law enforcement investigation into the shooting. “The FBI and the Las Vegas metro police department have been conducting the investigation, ” she said. “We’ve seen no evidence of a terrorist attack, and I will ask with all due respect, congressman, unless have you specific evidence to back that up, it seems a bit irresponsible to make that allegation so, if you do, or make that assertion, if do you have any evidence of that, I’m asking you right now to share it with us and tell us what that is. My clients… victims, all 22,000 people have been for evidence.” Perry noted that are still lacking all the evidence. “We’ve all been waiting, and I’m waiting, too. Like I said, nothing adds up, but I’m just telling you, I have received what I feel to be and believe to be credible evidence of a possible terrorist nexus, and we’re gonna have to wait… until the situation develops,” he said. The lawmaker said he wants the nation’s counterterror agencies involved in the investigation. . ! The Pope Is Now Openly Attacking Child Sexual Abuse Victims For “Slander” Pope Francis is now attacking the credibility of child sex abuse victims in a made at the end of a trip to Chile in which he had hoped to “heal” the wounds of said abuse. That’s right, Pope Francis ended his trip by publicly defending a bishop who victims have accused of covering up widespread pedophilia in the country. According to a report by the Associated Press, Francis made the in a discussion about Rev. Fernando Karadima who has been found guilty of sexually abusing a slew of minors as a member of the Catholic Church. Pope Francis accused victims of Chile’s most notorious pedophile of slander Thursday, an astonishing end to a visit meant to help heal the wounds of a sex abuse scandal that has cost the Catholic Church its credibility in the country. Francis said that until he sees proof that Bishop Juan Barros was complicit in covering up the sex crimes of the Rev. Fernando Karadima, such accusations against Barros are “.” The pope’s remarks drew from Chileans and immediate rebuke from victims and their advocates. They noted the accusers were deemed credible enough by the Vatican that it sentenced Karadima to a lifetime of “penance and prayer” for his crimes in 2011. A Chilean judge also found the victims to be credible, saying that while she had to drop criminal charges against Karadima because too much time had passed, proof of his crimes wasn’t lacking. […] The Karadima scandal dominated Francis’ visit to Chile and the overall issue of sex abuse and church cover-up was likely to factor into his three-day trip to Peru that began late Thursday. Karadima’s victims reported to church authorities as early as 2002 that he would Santiago parish he ran, but officials refused to believe them. Only when the victims went public with their accusations in 2010 did the Vatican launch an investigation that led to Karadima being removed from ministry. The emeritus archbishop of Santiago subsequently apologized for having refused to believe the victims from the start. One of the victims made clear his disgust at Pope Francis for essentially covering up for a man who watched as another bishop sexually abused him. “As if I could have taken a selfie or a photo while Karadima abused me and others and Juan Barros stood by watching it all,” tweeted Juan Carlos Cruz. “, and the pontiff talks about atonement to the victims. Nothing has changed, and his plea for forgiveness is empty.” This obviously does not look good for the Pope or the Catholic Church as they are now apparently engaging in attacking the victims instead of actually going after the abusers. PROOF: The LVMPD And FBI Failed To Catalog At Least One Deceased Las Vegas Massacre Victim As Death Toll Rises In what can only be described as or have failed to record the death of at least one shooting victim killed in the massacre LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation have failed to catalogue at least one deceased victim of the 1 October massacre which reportedly only left 58 people dead. The 59th victim, who is currently unnamed by the completely and cover-up, was shot and killed in the parking lot of nearby business during the attack. The woman’s lifeless body can be seen being drug across the parking lot by several men who placed the body behind a pick-up truck while the gunfire continued. The event was reported by Intellihub’s Shepard Ambellas on Nov. 11, 2017, in the article titled Private surveillance footage reveals “helicopter hovering overhead” at time of Las Vegas Massacre, FBI never asked for tape, after an excerpt of the footage aired on Tucker Carlson Tonight. At 10:16 p.m., two men drag a “fallen victim” across the parking lot. The men position the victim behind a Ford pickup truck, presumably to shield themselves and the victim from taking any further incoming rounds as they attempted to give the victim medical assistance. “Later at ten-twenty-four p.m., one of the men places his shirt across the victim’s