because of Latino turnout in early voting in the state. Trump did not end up winning Nevada in the end, but he did beat Clinton in 30 and a half other states. … At that point, after the Ralston tweet, Murillo openly admits the of Google’s electioneering efforts. “On personal note, we really thought we had shown up to demonstrate our political power against a candidate who had our community by calling us ,” Murillo wrote. “We read the headline and thought WOW, we did it!” Murillo’s email continues by including another headline, this time from the New Yorker’s Benjamin Wallace-Wells: “.” That piece was written on Nov. 7, 2016, the day before the election. Then she begins writing again: “But then reality set in. Only 71% of Latinos voted for Hillary, and that wasn’t enough.” The third page of the email begins with another headline and image of a Latina woman in a red hat and “” sign. The story, from Ruben Navarette, Jr., published in the Daily Beast, is headlined: “Why the Latino Vote Didn’t Save America.” The sub-headline, “Hispanic voters were supposed to be one of —but one in three ended up splitting for Trump,” is also included in Murillo’s Google email. From there, Murillo continues writing for another page and a half: The voters we wanted to reach did end up having an influence in the end, most notably in Florida. Latino voters voted for Trump more in Florida than in other states (31%), and FL was critical by popular vote and the electoral college. We’ll keep an eye on any other results that can show us the influence that our efforts had on the election. We know we gave this our best and are now figuring out what comes next. Thanks again for all your help and support in this effort. . “I have tried to stay objective, but I ask that you please give us some time to pause and reflect,” Murillo wrote. “ for our Democratic Latino community. After all these efforts and what we thought was positive momentum toward change, the results are not what we expected at all. We are afraid for our families, and especially for the millions of immigrants who now don’t know what the future holds for them.” After that, Murillo says she cannot communicate with key organizers of the effort by Google and its partners—a project known as HOLA—because she is afraid of on the listservs created. She also admits ongoing discussions among these people about meeting after . She also says those involved in Google’s get-out-the-vote efforts were openly seeking consolation after Clinton lost, and that – for the first time they have cried due to an election result. Murillo wrote: What’s most difficult for us is we can’t even email the HOLA list to reach our community and discuss what this means for us because we know that apparently some may actually be Trump supporters. There is a thread right now among the core HOLA group where people are sharing . One in a remote office said ‘If you guys do any sort of meetings, I’d love to join virtually. I think I’m currently the only Latinx in my office. It’s kinda hard.’ #understatement. Another said, ‘.’ Same here. She was not done there. In the next paragraph, Murillo wrote that . She also admits the election result was a “loss,” . She also says that the company—and herself in particular—will redouble efforts in the future to get a different and more desired result in future elections. “ and , but trying to stay optimistic and keep my head high,” Murillo wrote. “Loss is a part of life, and I do think frustrations challenge us to work smarter and get creative. My partners have sent notes and are saying the same thing — time to keep working harder.” At the top of the fourth page of the email, Murillo asks her colleagues at Google to give out a “smile” to who work at the company. “If you see a Latino Googler in the office (California/New York), please give them a smile,” Murillo wrote. “. It’s tough to handle now that we know not all of us were against this, so we may be even more divided than ever. At least in CA/NY though, you can rest assured that the Latinos of these blue states need your thoughts and prayers, at least for them and their families.” Then, she continues by stating she is going on a planned vacation she thought she was taking to “celebrate” a Clinton win, but after Trump won, she says, her vacation “will be time to reflect on how to continue to support my community through these difficult times.” Murillo, in the next line, reveals that she thought she was sharing her viewpoints on these matters in a tight circle that would not leak. “I’m not sharing my personal opinions very broadly, but wanted to share openly here in the circle of trust,” she wrote. This email leaked to Fox News and Breitbart News and is now likely to become a centerpiece in the case that to interfere in elections in the United States in against . This email from Murillo was not just from . Her original email was forwarded on to other Google executives by the aforementioned Gevelber, according to another email obtained by Breitbart News. “Thought you all would want to read this,” Gevelber wrote in her own message endorsing Murillo’s email in a message to other . “It’s from Eliana Murillo who runs US Hispanic Marketing on my team and who helped found HOLA our Hispanic ERC.” Gevelber continued by commending everyone she said, “worked so hard to ensure all the Get out the Vote were done in Spanish” that their efforts “” in the election “.” President Trump and Republicans have just begun against them among Silicon Valley’s elite, including, perhaps foremost alongside Facebook, from Google. A source close to the White House who has reviewed these emails ahead of their public release told Breitbart News that in a just world this would amount to, at a minimum, a clear violation of campaign finance law governing in-kind contributions to campaigns and causes. … Facebook Bans Outline to Stop on Americans. [Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 for his article on how to best prevent more 9/11s, pre-order Jamie's new book, : How He Is : HERE. The book illustrates how the has successfully built his -- on which many in the West are now . Jamie outlines the frameworks of this and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape.] Reprinted from WND.com. Somewhere in the “community standards” that Facebook demands everyone follow . The social-media company has told author and commentator Jamie Glazov that their standards forbid his article about how to prevent on Americans. It’s all about Glazov’s new book, “: How He Is .” At FrontPage Magazine, where he is editor, he had posted “9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad,” which included recommendations such as “Label the enemy and make a threat assessment” and “Stop ‘partnering’ with Muslim Brotherhood front groups.” That apparently was too much for Facebook, which declared “only you can see this post” because it “goes against our Community Standards.” He was suspended from Facebook for 30 days on Sept. 11, the anniversary of the on America that killed nearly 3,000. Glazov told Breitbart, “This is really .” FrontPage Magazine reported: Facebook’s are, without doubt, accelerating their . It is no surprise, therefore, that Frontpage’s editor, and host of ‘The Glazov Gang,’ was suspended from Facebook for 30 days yesterday, on September 11, after posting his article, ‘9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad.’ Glazov believed that the article was more relevant and urgent than ever due to — and to the 17th anniversary of 9/11 that was approaching the next day. The report said it appears “. '” “Glazov’s advice also involves the promotion of supporting – ,'” the report said. No doubt, Glazov’s consistent campaigning on behalf of Muslim women and girls in his efforts to protect them from FGM, , has gained him of — . The report recalls that Facebook censored Glazov in April for posting screenshots of a Muslim’s threat to him. Twitter also at him for quoting directly from Islamic religious texts, citing its . It is ‘,’ apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say. Indeed, Frontpage’s editor had simply referred to Sahih Bukhari’s texts discussing Mohammed’s marriage to Aisha when she was six years old (7.62.88) and to Quranic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50). Facebook also refused to respond to Glazov’s inquiry about “what it is specifically that violates Facebook’s ‘community standards’ when a person gives advice on .” Glazov has written about the subject in previous books, including “High Noon for America: The Coming Showdown” and “United in Hate.” In his “9 Steps” article, he points out that the Obama administration was “cooperating with, and listening to, Muslim Brotherhood front groups such as CAIR and ISNA.” .” .” A last key point, the said, is to ridicule the enemy. Ridicule is a weapon. There is a silence in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Shariah and jihad . Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit. American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also from the attacks and they will inevitably receive from . Desperate Feinstein Pushes 30-Year-Old Claim About Sexual Misconduct Of Kavanaugh the amount of hypocrisy Senator Dianne Feinstein puts on display , and yet, the people in her state continue to put her in office. Her latest antics are . “I have received information from an individual concerning the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court,” Senator Feinstein said in a surprise statement. “That individual strongly requested confidentiality, declined to come forward or press the matter further, and I have honored that decision. I have, however, referred the matter to federal investigative authorities.” Of course, the reality is that bringing something like this up more than 30 years later is , . take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Fox News reports: A spokesperson for Feinstein declined Fox News’ request to elaborate on the lawmaker’s statement, but there has been much speculation that she is referring to a secret letter that has been the subject of intrigue on Capitol Hill over the last few days. A source familiar with the confirmation proceedings told Fox News that Feinstein received the letter back in July, but did not make its existence known publicly until Thursday. According to a report by The Intercept, the letter was relayed to lawmakers by an individual affiliated with Stanford University and concerns an incident involving the 53-year-old Kavanaugh and a woman while they were in high school. According to two officials who spoke anonymously with the New York Times, the incident involved possible sexual misconduct between Kavanaugh and the woman. The letter reportedly was given to Feinstein by Rep. Anna Eshoo, D-Calif., but has not been publicly disclosed by senators who have seen the document. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., said that the letter in question has been referred to the FBI for investigation. The FBI conducts background checks on all major government appointees, including Supreme Court nominees. “Upon receipt of the information on the night of September 12, we included it as part of Judge Kavanaugh’s background file, as per the standard process,” the FBI said in a statement. The White House has called this nothing more than a , and that would be correct. In fact, the FBI has no plans to pursue any investigation regarding the allegation. According to The Washington Post: According to a person familiar with the matter, the FBI does not now plan to launch a criminal investigation of the matter, which would normally be handled by local authorities, if it was within the statute of limitations. The FBI instead passed the material to the White House, as an update to Kavanaugh's background check, which already had been completed, the person said. The move is similar to what the bureau did when allegations were leveled against former White House aide Rob Porter. ... Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) dismissed the controversy on Twitter. “Let me get this straight: this is [a] statement about [a] secret letter regarding a secret matter and an unidentified person. Right,” he tweeted sarcastically. “I will add: the FBI already performed and has reported on a background investigation on the nominee and thhttp://ericposner.com/is-brett-kavanaugh-an-originalist/is has been made available to all Senators on the Judiciary Committee,” Cornyn wrote. Exactly! This is over a man who is not an originalist and not a strict Constitutionalist. ! He's said it over and over! If they wanted something on the guy, ? Now, that would be something to really look into, but not with we currently have. Of course, . Facebook Lifts Frontpage Editor Jamie Glazov’s 9/11 Ban [Editors' note: To best understand why Facebook would ban Jamie Glazov on 9/11 in the first place, pre-order Jamie's new book, : How He Is : HERE. The book illustrates how the has, with the help of the Left, successfully built his in the West -- on which the political and cultural establishment is now . Jamie outlines the frameworks of this and how those who are trapped on it, and yearn for freedom, can best escape.] Frontpage editors are happy to announce : Facebook has lifted Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov's 30-day ban on Facebook, apologizing and saying that the block was a “mistake”. . While it is a positive development that Facebook has lifted the ban on Jamie (for now), , seeing that Facebook, and all of , is, at this moment, clearly accelerating its on the free speech of conservatives. (See Jamie's video on this whole HERE). A brief recap of Jamie's story: on Sept. 11, the 17th Anniversary of the 9/11 terror strike, informed Jamie that he was suspended from Facebook for 30 days due to his posting of his article, 9 Steps to Successfully Counter Jihad, which Facebook informed him violated their "community standards." ’. (Read the whole story HERE.) Frontpage and Jamie immediately publicized this of Facebook. Then, yesterday, on Sept. 13, Facebook notified Jamie that it had made a mistake and that it was lifting his block. . And , including especially from Breitbart, PJMedia, WorldNetDaily and Thomas Lifson at American Thinker. such as Michelle Malkin and Laura Loomer also stood up for Jamie, tweeting about his ban -- and to them we send our heartfelt appreciation. Jamie is, of course, no stranger to social media censorship -- especially . The Counter Jihad Coalition's (CJC) Facebook page, which Jamie helped run with CJC President Steve Amundson, was removed a few years ago . The CJC is a human rights and pro-national security group that is dedicated to protecting America and the West from Jihad -- and Muslim and non-Muslim people from Sharia oppression. The question remains: ? In April earlier this year, Jamie was suspended from Facebook for posting screenshots of a Muslim's threat to him on the platform. Then, in May, his Twitter account was temporarily suspended and he was forced to delete tweets he posted which directly quoted Islamic religious texts. His account was suspended for violating Twitter’s rules relating to “.” It is "", apparently, to reference what Islamic texts themselves say. Indeed, Frontpage's editor had simply referred to Sahih Bukhari’s texts discussing Mohammed’s marriage to Aisha when she was six years old (7.62.88) and to Qur'anic Suras that mandate the Hijab for women (24:31; 33:59) and sanction sexual slavery (4:3; 33:50). One thing we know for sure is that, despite this lifting of Jamie’s ban, Facebook and in other social media venues and in the culture at large will continue . On Facebook, many continue to be censored in myriad ways; these individuals include Anni Cyrus, Bosch Fawstin, Mark Lutchman and, of course, Diamond & Silk. The case of #WalkAway leader Brandon Straka is : he was recently banned by Facebook for the crime of announcing that he would be interviewed by Alex Jones. Prager U has had its videos mysteriously disappear off of Facebook and then, only after , re-appear. Facebook is, of course, just one terrain of this . Everyone knows by now, for instance, what has happened, in the most Orwellian sense, to Alex Jones and InfoWars on Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. Leading scholar of Islam and JihadWatch.org Director Robert Spencer, meanwhile, is not just a target at Facebook, where his referrals are down 90% from what they once were; he has been banned by Patreon at the behest of MasterCard -- and MasterCard has yet to respond to his lawyer’s letter. GoFundMe has also banned Spencer because of a by . Speaking of Mastercard, the David Horowitz Freedom Center just recently won a major battle with the credit card, defeating well-financed leftwing groups that are . The Freedom Center emerged victorious, but it is clear that such as the SPLC and Color of Change.org . To be sure, the Left's attacks on the David Horowitz Freedom Center continue unabated: just recently a hit piece in the Washington Post like Florida Gubernatorial Candidate Republican Ron DeSantis, libeling David Horowitz in the process. The article stated that Horowitz's Restoration Weekend, that DeSantis had attended, was somehow “” -- that Frontpage has exposed and for which the Washington Post is still to apologize and issue a retraction. (To learn why David Horowitz is one of the central targets of the Left, make sure to watch this video). Thus, we clearly gauge that there is no to which the Left will not stoop in its . Yes, Frontpage editor Jamie Glazov has had his ban lifted at Facebook, but this is clearly only a brief reprieve for him on that platform -- and it is only, obviously, a very tiny space in . . . [Editors' postscript: Please make sure to FOLLOW Jamie Glazov on Facebook as well as on Twitter (@JamieGlazov) to strengthen his social media strength in the face of the Left's vicious war on free speech. Thank you!] Brett Kavanaugh accused in letter obtained by FBI of drunkenly forcing himself on woman while in high school; Kavanaugh denies it