winds.” The observation of this particular storm dying out is significant because it’s the very first time one of Neptune’s storms has been observed in such a way. It also goes against everything that scientists thought they knew about how forms on Neptune live and die. “It looks like we’re capturing the demise of this dark vortex, and it’s different from what well-known studies led us to expect,” said Michael H. Wong of the University of California at Berkeley says. “Their dynamical simulations said that anticyclones under Neptune’s wind shear would probably drift toward the equator. We thought that once the vortex got too close to the equator, it would break up and perhaps create a spectacular outburst of cloud activity.” But this storm stayed its course, dying out in a horizontal path that didn’t bring it towards the Neptunian equator at all, forcing scientists to go back to the drawing board and come up with a new theory on the planet’s weather habits. Austrian diocese blesses gay couples on Valentine’s Day, makes reference to Amoris Laetitia NewsCatholic Church, Homosexuality AUSTRIA, February 16, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – The Diocese of Linz, Austria, invited homosexual couples to participate in the blessing of couples on St. Valentine's Day. The move comes in the wake of the recent debate over the German bishops' initiative to bless homosexual couples, as well as the controversy over Bishop Andreas Laun's own criticism of it. The diocese’s own media report makes a reference to Amoris Laetitia, as well as to Cardinal Reinhard Marx's recent initiative. The official diocesan newspaper, KirchenZeitung, announced on February 9 that in two different parishes in the Diocese of Linz homosexual couples were explicitly invited to receive a Church blessing on St. Valentine's Day. As is explained in the article: St. Valentine is known as the saint of friendship and of love. In many parishes and ecclesial institutions, it is already tradition to offer blessings of couples around the time of his feast day. People in homosexual relationships are welcome at the blessing ceremonies in Wels-St. Franziskus [Church] and in the Ursulinenkirche. Paul Stütz, the author of the article, explains that the blessing of couples “offers an occasion to express love.” “The blessing expresses that one is welcomed by one's partner and by God.” At the end of his article, he adds a link to another report about Cardinal Reinhard Marx's recent 3 February interview showing his openness to the idea of blessings of homosexual couples in individual cases as decided by a pastor. . As Stütz reports: We give out that universally available blessing. There, we have nothing to forbid,” says Harant. . As the Austrian Catholic website Kath.net writes, Harant must be quoting here AL 250. Irmgard Lehner, the pastoral assistant of the Wels-St. Franziskus Church, the other of the two parishes that welcome homosexual couples, appreciates this blessing ritual for Valentine's Day, saying During the ceremony, couples come forward in church and receive a hand on their foreheads and a sign of the cross. “We thus stress the high value of relationships,” explains Lehner. As the KirchenZeitung journalist adds: “This offer can be accepted by lovers in all kinds of life situations – also by lesbians and homosexuals.” Lehner, who is herself a theologian, regrets that, so far, no homosexual couple has come for the blessing. “Here with us, everybody should feel welcome, just as he or she is.” The pastoral assistant adds that “God is love. There are no restrictions.” The Diocesan Working Group on Pastoral Care for Homosexuals (dahop) is rejoicing about such a welcome from a parish. The group says that it repeatedly receives requests from homosexual couples who wish to “receive a blessing in the frame of a liturgy.” The KirchenZeitung then quotes a commentary, saying: It would be good if a clear sign of openness and invitation would be made by many more pastoral workers [male and female], in order to give the clear signal that love between two persons with equal rights are wished by God and thus already blessed. Moreover, the above-quoted Franz Harant himself is the contact person of this Diocesan Working Group – also called “Rainbow Pastoral.” As can be seen on the website of dahop, the Diocese of Linz offers special liturgical services for homosexuals, called “Queer Church Services” (Queer-Gottesdienste) that take place in Harant's own parish. It is not clear whether these church services take place in a form of a Holy Mass. Similar blessings for homosexual couples are currently taking place, or are being considered, also in Gemany, some of them on the diocesan level, some of them on an individual level. As LifeSiteNews reported in January, the Diocese of Limburg is publicly discussing the establishment of a special liturgical rite for the blessing of homosexuals. Publicly presented by Johannes zu Eltz, a high-ranking priest of the diocese, his so-called Frankfurt proposal has the public support of the local bishop, Georg Bätzing. Additionally, the Austrian Catholic website Kath.net reports that there are two Catholics priests in two different German dioceses who publicly state now to have given many blessings to homosexual couples. Father Christoph Simonsen (Diocese of Aachen) says that he has blessed 50 couples in the last fifteen years; Father Siegfried Modenbach (Archdiocese of Paderborn) has blessed two homosexual couples in the last years. He also conducts church services for homosexuals. Kath.net subsequently contacted both Dioceses and requested information about these two priests. As an answer, they were told that the Diocese intends to talk with the concerned priests, but that this matter needs to be addressed among the German bishops in general, such as in the German Bishops' Conference. This moral turmoil in German dioceses has provoked concern and criticism among Catholics. Mathias von Gersdorff, German pro-life activist and book author, states on his own blog, the upcoming Spring Assembly of the German Bishops' Conference will become crucial in this matter. As he sees it, “the bishops of Germany who will meet next week for the Spring Assembly of the Bishops' Conference find themselves in a complicated situation,” where they will have to show their colors. They will either be in favor of the Catholic Church's teaching on sexuality and marriage and forbid such blessings, or “essentially accept them,” at least by “saying nothing.” He concludes: Cardinal O’Malley will head revived Vatican abuse panel Cardinal Sean O’Malley has been reappointed as the head of a Vatican commission on child sex abuse, as Pope Francis on Saturday revived the panel in the wake of widespread condemnation last month of the pontiff’s defense of a Chilean bishop accused of witnessing and ignoring abuse. The Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors lapsed in December, when its members’ terms expired, prompting concerns that the advisory body could be disbanded. In addition to O’Malley’s return as the panel’s president, Pope Francis named seven returning members and nine new members representing countries around the world, including Brazil, the Netherlands, Ethiopia, and India, according to a statement from the Vatican. Advertisement Some members are themselves survivors of abuse, according to the statement, but they were not identified to protect their privacy. Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here O’Malley, the archbishop of Boston, said in the statement that the pope had “given much to the membership of the panel. “The newly appointed members will add to the Commission’s global perspective in the protection of minors and vulnerable adults,” he said. “The Holy Father has ensured continuity in the work of our Commission, which is to assist local churches throughout the world in their efforts to safeguard all children, young people, and vulnerable adults from harm.” Local survivors of abuse greeted the announcement warily, hopeful that there could be positive change in the church but saying the panel accomplished little under its first three-year mandate. “The objectives of the commission when it was first announced, when it was just getting started. . . were never fulfilled,” said Phil Saviano, an abuse survivor who founded the New England chapter of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests. Advertisement Saviano said the commission is “a good idea,” and added, “I’m not particularly optimistic that much will get accomplished, but a commission is better than no commission.” Given his long experience witnessing , Saviano said, . “That’s kind of my attitude now: ,” he continued. Jim Scanlan, another survivor, said “the timing of it is too perfect” given the controversy last month surrounding Pope Francis’s remarks that accused victims of a , the Rev. Fernando Karadima, of “” against Bishop Juan Barros, who the victims say was complicit in a cover up. The pope said he had seen no proof of Barros’s guilt, but the Associated Press reported that O’Malley and other members of the commission had in 2015 hand-delivered to him an eight-page letter from a survivor that graphically detailed his abuse and said Barros and other clergy had witnessed him being fondled but had not intervened. Advertisement Scanlan said his reaction to hearing that Francis has revived the commission was “hopeful but cynical.” Like Saviano, he said the panel accomplished little in its first incarnation. “My expectation is it will probably have the same outcome, because the church is the church, and they do it for appearance, but they’re still going to go by their own rules,” he said. “.” Scanlan said Pope Francis has given him hope for progress on some issues in the church, but on sexual abuse, he “ Last month, O’Malley denounced the pope’s controversial defense of the Chilean bishop. Despite distancing himself from Pope Francis’s comments, O’Malley said that he has witnessed the pontiff’s genuine compassion for abuse victims. “The Pope’s statements that there is no place in the life of the Church for those who would abuse children and that we must adhere to zero tolerance for these crimes are genuine,” O’Malley said, “and they are his commitment.” Jeremy C. Fox can be reached at jeremy.fox@globe.com Hungary's Orban calls for global anti-migrant alliance with eye on 2018 elections (Fixes dateline) * PM Orban faces elections on April 8, leads all polls * Migration has been Orban's defining theme since 2015 * Says will counter globalism alongside U.S., UK, Israel By Marton Dunai BUDAPEST, Feb 18 (Reuters) - Hungarian leader Viktor Orban called on Sunday for a global alliance against migration as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory. Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations. Those conflicts, mostly centred on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and . "," Orban told an audience of party faithful at the foot of the Royal Castle in Budapest. With mass immigration, especially from Africa, ". ." Orban is widely credited for reversing an economic slump in Hungary and controlling its public finances, culminating in a return to investment-grade for its debt, which was cut to 'junk' during the 2008 global economic crisis. To achieve that and hold onto power the prime minister, 54, has used methods that critics have called authoritarian, and picked fights with EU partners, especially in the West. Eastern leaders, most notably in Poland, have followed his lead. But migration dominates his agenda now. Orban said on Sunday that Europe faces a critical fissure between nation states of the East and the West, which he called an "immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in ". As the West wants eastern Europe to follow its lead, an was likely, he said, alluding to a plan to redraw the European alliance advocated by the leaders of France and Germany. "Absurd as it may sound ," Orban said to loud applause. "Of course we will fight, and use ever stronger legal tools. The first is our '' law." Orban has for years targeted Hungarian-born U.S. financier George Soros, whose philanthropy aims to bolster liberal and open-border values -- anathema to Orban, an advocate of a loose group of strong nation states that reject multiculturalism. The Hungarian leader has advocated "ethnic homogeneity" and compared Soros, a Jew, to a to undermine its cultural and economic integrity. A defining moment of his premiership came in 2015, as the migrant crisis peaked: he built a double razor wire fence that became the symbol of anti-migrant sentiment in Europe. Orban also said the Hungarian opposition had failed to heed the call of history when it opposed his toughness on migrants. Voters have responded favourably and Orban is a clear leader of all polls. POWERFUL ALLIES Orban has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of Soros, 87, whose name was used in a tough anti-migrant bill sent to Parliament on Wednesday. Soros, for his part, , saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's -- when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany -- and was more oppressive than Cold War Soviet occupation. Orban has tightened the screws on non-government organisations, particularly ones funded by Soros, and attempted to close a prominent Soros-founded university. Attributing to Soros a recent United Nations plan on creating a global blueprint to handle the migration crisis, Orban said he anticipated that powerful allies would help him prevent the U.N. from greasing the wheels of migration. "Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too," he said. "Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted. It won't work. We are not alone and we will fight together ... and we will succeed." In Europe, he cited as allies Hungary's fellow Visegrad countries Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Poland, whose ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party is also often at loggerheads with the EU. He said a victory for Silvio Berlusconi's party in Italy's March 4 election would strengthen the nationalist fold. "We don't think the fight is hopeless, on the contrary, we are winning," Orban said. "The V4 is firm, Croatia has come around, Austria has turned in the patriotic direction, and in Bavaria the CSU has created a resistance." (Reporting by Marton Dunai; Editing by Catherine Evans) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles. Hungarian Prime Minister: ‘’ NewsFaith, Politics - World BUDAPEST, Hungary, February 19, 2018 (LifeSiteNews) – Brushing aside any semblance of political correctness, Hungary’s Prime Minister said in his state of the nation speech on Sunday that, Addressing his country and the world, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán warned that Orbán painted an image of Western Europe being overwhelmed by the accelerating influx Muslim immigrants in recent years. “According to estimates, the proportion of immigrants will grow at an accelerated pace in the European countries west of us,” said Orbán. “I won't even say anything about France and Holland, but even the born Germans are being forced back from most large German cities as migrants always occupy big cities first.” Orbán warned that as . “This means that , in the future will be knocking on the door of Central Europe not only from the south, but from the west, as well,” he said. Prime Minister Orbán said his government will oppose efforts by the United Nations or the European Union to “increase migration” around the world. In June, LifeSiteNews reported that Orbán had taken a strong stand and not backed down against outside globalist influences seeking to control his nation’s politics. Billionaire George Soros, who famously backs many progressive initiatives around the world, locked horns with Orbán over the Central European University (CEU) he founded in 1989, which has been criticized as . Orbán and Soros have a history, beginning in partnership and ending in acrimony. Orbán started public life as a crusader against communism and attended Oxford University on a Soros scholarship. Soros, who expatriated from Hungary, also funded Orbán’s political organization, the Alliance for Young Democrats. But Orbán’s defense of conservative values has led to breaking ties with Soros, whom he now criticizes as a . After Prime Minister Orbán delivered his strongly worded state of the nation speech, a UK Daily Mail report said, “Orbán has conflated the issue of immigration with the image of sent to Parliament on Wednesday.” The Daily Mail report continued: Soros, for his part, , saying his rule evoked dark tones from the 1930's, when Hungary was allied with Nazi Germany. But Orbán remains committed to his policy, claiming that Soros and supporters of migration are losing the fight. He said: “Soros has antagonised not only us but also England, President Trump and Israel too. Everywhere he wants to get migration accepted. It won't work. We are not alone and we will fight together and we will succeed.” In addition to inviting Soros’ ire, Orbán came under fire a couple years ago from the U.S. State Department under President Obama as well as the European Parliament for purportedly discriminating against homosexuals because of Hungary’s insistence on defining marriage between a man and a woman, and that pre-born babies have rights. Last year, Orbán also criticized liberals and encouraged citizens to give life to more children during the 11th conference of the World Congress of Families. Three thousand “natural family” advocates who attended the four-day conference heard Orbán in his opening address lambaste the European Union (EU) for its “relativizing liberal ideology that’s an insult to families.” Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban Calls For Global Anti-Migrant Alliance Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban who has been at the forefront in Europe in standing against illegal immigration and into his country has called for a global alliance to stand against the . Viktor Orban, who openly professes the Reformed faith of Christianity, told an audience at the Royal Castle in Budapest, He continued by stating that mass immigration, especially from Africa, Reuters reports: Hungarian leader Viktor Orban called on Sunday for a global alliance against migration as his right-wing populist Fidesz party began campaigning for an April 8 election in which it is expected to win a third consecutive landslide victory. Popular at home but increasingly at odds politically and economically with mainstream European Union peers, Orban has thrived on external controversy, including repeated clashes with Brussels and lately the United Nations. Those conflicts, mostly centered on migration since people fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East and Africa flooded into Europe in 2015, have intensified as the elections approach and Orban poses . One thing to note is that In speaking of the influx of Muslim migrants into Europe, Orban sees it as destroying the culture of Europe and referred to it as an “immigrant zone, a mixed population world that heads in a .” Orban then called out in the midst of Europe who want to push Hungary to accept . “Absurd as it may sound the danger we face comes from the West, from politicians in Brussels, Berlin and Paris,” he told the crowd to applause. “Of