made public in advance their intention to derail the hearings and confirmation by any means possible, the timing of both sexual assault charges premeditated contrivance intended to delay confirmation as long as possible. But in the face of this to bork Kavanaugh and derail the confirmation process for partisan advantage, the Republicans seem to be reverting to their . All have to do “sexism” and Republicans start negotiating and offering concessions. Of course, after each concession comes another demand. First demanded that Ford, a long-time Democrat activist, “be heard.” So last week the Chairman of Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley, granted another deadline extension for Ford to decide whether to testify before the Committee on Monday. Senator Dianne Feinstein calls these concessions “.” As Feinstein put it, “Show some heart. Wait until Dr. Ford feels that she can come before the committee.” Ford doesn’t “feel” like she can testify on Monday because she’s afraid of flying, despite offers from the Committee to travel to her in California. Then she feared for her life because of death threats ––threats also made to Kavanaugh, his wife and two young daughters–– so she now demands enhanced security measures. The Committee caved and moved the date to Thursday. So of course, Grassley having been intimidated into giving Ford a chance to address the Committee, Ramirez and her handlers are now demanding the same privilege. “” for porn star Stormy Daniels claims to represent a woman who also should be allowed to testify to the Senate Committee about Kavanaugh’s partying habits while at Yale. We’ll have to see whether Grassley can of allowing unsubstantiated charges from Democrat activists to waste the Committee’s time. Ford and Dianne Feinstein also keep demanding an FBI investigation, even though no federal crime is being alleged, and any investigation 36 years after the offense is impossible. Ford can’t remember where and when the alleged assault took place, nor how she got to or went home from the party where it allegedly occurred. ?). She told no one about the assault until 30 years later. A “lifelong friend” whom Ford claims was at the party has denied any knowledge of the it, and says she’s never met Kavanaugh. Another friend who reported that the school was abuzz with gossip about the attack (which apparently took place during summer break), retracted her statement. The two men Ford named as possible witnesses to the assault have contradicter her claims under oath. And the accused Judge Kavanaugh also under oath the charges. Given that 36 years have passed since the incident, and the accuser’s memory is so hazy and short on coherent details, the FBI has nothing to investigate. Ramirez’s charge is even flimsier. Here’s a catalogue from the Daily Wire: 1. The New Yorker could not find a single witness who could put Kavanaugh at the alleged party. 2. The New York Times could not find a single person who could corroborate Ramirez’s claims. 3. The man accused of egging on Kavanaugh denied Ramirez's allegations and vouched for Kavanaugh’s character. 4. A third person that Ramirez claimed was at the party says she was not there for the alleged incident. 5. Ramirez contacted her former classmates, asking about the incident, and admitted she was not sure that Kavanaugh was the male who exposed himself. 6. A woman who claims she was “best friends” with Ramirez says Ramirez never mentioned the story and initially said her friend's accusations against Kavanaugh might be “politically motivated.” 7. Ramirez, just like Christine Blasey Ford, is a registered Democrat and is dedicated to leftist causes. 8. Ramirez wasn’t even sure her memory was correct — until she spent six days going over it with . 9. Ramirez admits there are holes in her memory due to how much she drank at the party. 10. People who knew Ramirez after her time at Yale say that she never once mentioned the incident — until Kavanaugh's nomination was pending. No law enforcement agency, let alone the FBI, would waste its time with an allegation of a crime decades in the past, and so patently incoherent and lacking in evidence. The “FBI investigation” is another delaying tactic. Ford has finally agreed to testify, set for Thursday for now. But it’s unclear whether Grassley has granted Ford any of her for testifying: She will take questions from the Committee, but not from outside lawyers, who might not be as gentle as . Only one camera can be in the room. Kavanaugh must testify first, of . He can’t be in the room with her, apparently because she’s still traumatized and may start experiencing flashbacks. So much for “.” Grassley shouldn’t cave on these conditions. They all comprise the old tactic of serially escalating demands that cannot be satisfied in order to compel your enemy to give in. That Grassley and the Republicans would even participate in this is testimony to how deeply the progressive ideological narrative has burrowed into our social and political life. If Ford actually testifies on Thursday, or Ramirez is granted the same concession, nothing material will be gained. Her accusation will not be proved true or false. We will learn nothing about Kavanaugh that makes him any less eminently qualified for the Supreme Court, nothing that can add to the thousands of pages of documents already presented to the Committee, or the hundreds of hours of the judge’s testimony before . But vetting Kavanaugh’s qualifications isn’t the point. The point is to delay confirmation by slandering Kavanaugh and baiting the Republicans into appearing to abuse victims of sexual assault. Why? Facing his likely confirmation, , egged on by the mainstream media––especially The New Yorker, which published a story too badly sourced even for The New York Times–– are desperately attempting to obstruct and delay the process until after the midterm elections, when they hope they will retake the Senate and thus stop any more Constitutionalist judges from being confirmed to the Court for the rest of Trump’s term. The Democrats have because they know the stakes. The courts and especially the Supreme Court have been critical to the progressives’ program since Woodrow Wilson. The biggest obstacle to the progressive dream of government controlled and managed by a technocratic oligarchy has been the Constitution. Its divided and balanced powers were designed precisely to rein in overreaching ambition and concentrations of power. Hence the Constitutional order must be subverted by the Supreme Court and its unaccountable justices enjoying lifelong tenure. But if Kavanaugh is confirmed, there will be five reliably Constitutionalist justices on the bench, who are unlikely to tolerate judicial usurpation of Congress’s law-making powers. That’s why this current nomination is a hill are willing . Given how this ploy is––doesn’t Keith Ellison’s accuser deserve to be heard and believed too? ––? Because Republicans fear the backlash from all those women voters who presumably agree with the fundamentalist feminists, and insist that . This contention itself is an expression of the radical feminist narrative of innate male that makes them . The irony is that today’s feminists have been willing to sacrifice the earlier narrative of female power and agency that had been stifled by traditional views of the sexes and their capabilities. Instead, now women are too delicate to make their way through their lives without the paternal federal government protecting them with its coercive power. Women have exchanged one form of dependence, and one double standard for another. are using Ford and Ramirez as part of the Democrats’ transparently dishonest delaying tactics because they know that most Republicans have accepted this duplicitous feminist narrative and fear challenging it. Especially after the recent spate of sexual assault charges––many of them true, some false, others contested–– politicians consider bucking the narrative to be as as proposing to reform Social Security and Medicare. It’s the new third rail of American politics, one that transcends party affiliation. Hence the widespread virtue-signaling on the part even of conservative writers who preface their comments about Ford and Ramirez with prologues full of truisms about how horrible sexual assault is, how its self-proclaimed victims “must be heard,” and how churlish and sexist it is to question the truth of any charge. Grown-ups know all that and don’t have to be reminded every time the subject arises. know that most Republicans come to this conflict with the huge disadvantage that results from accepting your opponent’s . The progressive party can dare the Republicans to ignore the endless specious demands, stop the show-trial, and proceed to a vote on Kavanaugh, because they know the Republicans, fearful of the “optics,” will cave. They know that the eleven male Republican Senators on the Judiciary Committee dread the #MeToo movement casting them as who want to “silence” the accuser with their “ of a sexual assault survivor,” as one Ford lawyer has said. Republicans still don’t get that no amount of appeasement will stop the left from anyway. Just ask Boy Scout Mitt Romney, for his innocuous “binders full of women.” And don’t forget, the old sorta, kinda moderate Democrats like Feinstein and Chuck Schumer, who now have joined the crowd of , will go along because they’re frightened of their party’s . What can we do to end these ? Just stop holding them. There’s nothing in the Constitution that says the Senate’s power to give “advice and consent” to the president regarding his nominee must entail days of televised hearings replete with who’ve already made-up their minds. Invite written questions from the Senate, then schedule one day for the nominee to respond. Don’t put it on television, but make public a written transcript. Remove the television cameras, and will be gone like a cool breeze. For now, Grassley needs to end this if Ford doesn’t show up on Thursday or continues to negotiate for more delays and concessions. No more concessions. No more delays. ceding control of the process to Democrat Party lawyers. Don’t give Ramirez the time of day. Hold the vote no later than Thursday, or Friday if Ford does show up. Make Senators go on the record with their votes, and hold them to account in November. Put to the test ’ claims that a critical mass of women, many of them with sons they don’t want falsely accused, believes the fundamentalist feminist narrative and will vote accordingly. To borrow Churchill’s definition of appeasement, . For fifty years the Democrats have proven conservatives as racist and sexist no matter how often they bow and scrape. How about acting on principle for a change and . On the eve of a historic Supreme Court confirmation hearing, two more women to accuse President Trump’s high court nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual improprieties – bringing the total number of accusers to four. Even more eleventh-hour attempts may be coming given determination to prevent the judge’s ascent to the Supreme Court at all costs. Whether the claims are true is irrelevant to these people. Only the seriousness and luridness of the charges matter as they get aired over and over again in the 24-hour news cycle. They don’t care about the victims they create. Only the headlines. The new allegations surfaced yesterday as the Senate Judiciary Committee for a hearing today to receive oral evidence from the first accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, 51, who claims Kavanaugh, 53, tried to rape her decades ago when he was a high school student. The third accuser is Julie Swetnick, a 55-year-old certified systems engineer, who on Wednesday claimed that in the early 1980s Kavanaugh and others spiked the drinks of young women at high school parties with intoxicants to clear the way for them to be gang-raped. Incredibly, Swetnick said in a sworn statement that she witnessed gang rapes at these parties but kept on attending them anyway. It gets weirder. Kavanaugh was ,” she stated. He drank excessively at these parties and would grind against girls and try to take their clothing of, she said. Swetnick claimed to have been at one of these parties in 1982 as a result of consuming a spiked drink that contained “Quaaludes or something similar.” Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge were present at the party at which she was raped, she states, but she doesn’t accuse them of participating in it. In response, Kavanaugh labeled Swetnick's salacious allegations "." "I don't know who this is and this never happened," the judicial nominee added. A CNBC summary describes Swetnick: A 1980 graduate of Gaithersburg High School in Maryland, she said she has held multiple clearances for work done at the Treasury Department, U.S. Mint, IRS, State Department and Justice Department, among other government agencies. Swetnick says in her affidavit that she saw Kavanaugh in the early 1980s "drink excessively at many" house parties in suburban Maryland. At the time, Kavanaugh and Judge were students at Georgetown Prep, a private Catholic all-boys school. She said Kavanaugh and Judge engaged in "abusive and physically aggressive behavior toward girls," which "included the fondling and groping of girls without their consent" and "not taking 'No' for an answer." Predictably, all 10 Democrat members of the Judiciary Committee urged President Trump to either "immediately withdraw the nomination or order an FBI investigation into all the allegations." There is no indication so far that the president will oblige them. To no one’s surprise, , Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, whom Tucker Carlson has dubbed “,” is representing Swetnick. "There should be an immediate investigation" of Swetnick’s dramatic allegations, Avenatti said on MSNBC, "and there should be no rush to confirm him to the U.S. Supreme Court." The president Avenatti. “[,]” Trump wrote on Twitter. “ - !” He rejected Swetnick’s allegations as “” and described Avenatti as a “.” “All of a sudden, the hearings are over, and the rumors start coming out,” Trump said. “And then you , come out with today." A fourth accuser popped up yesterday, Politico reports. According to an interview transcript released Wednesday night by the Senate Judiciary Committee: An anonymous woman wrote to Sen. Cory Gardner’s (R-Colo.) office on Sept. 22 alleging that the Supreme Court nominee shoved another woman “up against the wall very aggressively and sexually” in 1998 after leaving a bar where both had been drinking, the transcript states. Kavanaugh denied any involvement in the events alleged in that complaint, which was first reported by NBC. Depending on how you do the counting, there may even be a fifth and sixth accusation against Kavanaugh. The newspaper account continues: The transcript of Kavanaugh's Tuesday interview also cited another anonymous claim of sexual misconduct involving Kavanaugh, dating back to 1985 and sent to the office of Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), which the judge also flatly denied to investigators. And GOP investigators said late Wednesday they received an additional anonymous claim of rape passed along by Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif.). Accuser number two is Deborah Ramirez, 53, who went public with her claims in a New Yorker magazine article Sunday. Ramirez alleges she was assaulted by Kavanaugh at a drunken party decades ago at Yale College. She claims Kavanaugh exposed himself to her and brushed his genitals against her. If Kavanaugh isn’t on the bench Monday, the Supreme Court will be shorthanded as it begins hearing cases in its new term. It normally has a complement of nine justices but with Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have been only eight justices. Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court. Democrats are trying to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they may seize control from Republicans. Election Day is November 6. The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49. The proceedings Thursday are supposed to get underway at 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. Committee Republicans considered the political optics and didn’t relish the prospect of their of 11 senators questioning a woman so they hired sex-crimes prosecutor Rachel Mitchell of Maricopa County, Arizona, to ask the questions at what promises to be a highly-watched hearing. Democrats predictably at the decision to have a woman lead the questioning since their primary objective here is to embarrass and discredit Kavanaugh and other Republicans, not get at the truth. “It is going against everything I’ve seen for 44 years," huffed committee member Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.). "They’re not following normal procedure." As expected, at today’s hearing Kavanaugh will firmly rebut the increasingly outrageous claims being leveled at him. According to prepared testimony provided to The Hill newspaper, he will say: I the allegation against me by Dr. Ford. I never had any sexual or physical encounter of any kind with Dr. Ford. I am not questioning that Dr. Ford may have been sexually assaulted by some person in some place at some time. But I have never done that to her or to anyone. Kavanaugh added: "I am innocent of this charge." Not surprisingly Ford’s prepared testimony also found its way to reporters. “I am here today not because I want to be,” Ford says in her opening statement. “. I am here because I believe it is my civic duty to tell you what happened to me while Brett Kavanaugh and I were in high school.” She describes the nominee as “,” and claims “Brett’s assault on me ,” but at the same time acknowledges “Brett did not rape me.” Given that Kavanaugh has already passed six incredibly intrusive FBI investigations, odds are . Many commentators have drawn parallels between Ford and Anita Hill, who in 1991 accused then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas of sexual improprieties. Both women are college professors. Both claim to have reluctantly been drawn into confirmation battles. Ford claims to be a victim of attempted rape; Hill claims to have been a victim of sexual harassment in the workplace. Only still believe Hill, now an who discredited herself by –among other things— following her then-boss Thomas as his subordinate when he switched jobs. An abused person wouldn’t do that. But all the lies about Thomas at what he described as a “” had an effect. In the end, the Senate barely approved his nomination 52 to 48 on October 15, 1991. With all the Kavanaugh, he would be thrilled to be approved by a margin as wide as 52 to 48. Conservatives need to remember that . If they can derail Kavanaugh’s nomination, that is an added bonus. The Left’s attacks on Kavanaugh in the #MeToo era are working, a USA Today article suggests: Disapproval for Kavanaugh … is at an unprecedented level for a Supreme Court nominee amid the allegations against him, according to a new USA TODAY/Ipsos Public Affairs Poll. Those surveyed said by 40 percent to 31 percent that the Senate shouldn't vote to approve his nomination, the first time a plurality of Americans have opposed a Supreme Court nominee since polling on the issue began. The case against confirming Kavanaugh may be somewhere between weak and non-existent, but the constant repetition of the unsupported allegations in the is clearly taking its toll on the nominee. That said, the Senate Judiciary