historiographical curiosities, as ‘Liberalism’ (7), ‘Capitalism’ (8), ‘Industrial’ (11), ‘Communism’ (15) and ‘Democracy’ (21). More history courses study ‘Sexuality' than either ‘Enlightenment' (20) or ‘Reformation' (12). More courses study ‘Islam' than ‘Christianity' (34). The report’s visual representation of the results (right) shows how race, gender and ethnicity (or their variants) stand out as at Australian universities. Anyone who still thinks that political, intellectual, demographic and material factors are what really matter to history, and to society, ought to get with the multiculturalist/Identity Politics program – enroll in a history course at an Australian university today! : ‘It’s 100 % Likely’ It Spreads To The UK And The death toll in Madagascar due to the plague has jumped for the first time since health officials claimed the infection was in the beginning stages of control. With the new uptick in those who died, the fear that the disease will spread to the United Kingdom has been confirmed as “100 percent likely.” The plague death toll has now shown signs that it’s picking up speed again. Official figures reveal 165 people have now lost their lives in Madagascar’s Recent data shows a 15 percent jump in fatalities over just three days, coupled with scientists concerned that the black death has reached a “crisis” point. Ten other African countries have also been placed on , . At least 2,034 people have been infected down by a more lethal form of the black death so far in the country, which lies off the coast of Africa, according to WHO statistics. Some the disease (which is so deadly because it is airborne) during this year’s outbreak – which is expected to blight Madagascar until April. Others worry mainland Africa and eventually reach the US, Europe, and Britain. The plague spreads easily and can kill within 48 hours. That would of life-saving antibiotics. According to the Daily Mail, experts warn the outbreak of plague in Madagascar this year is being fueled by a strain more lethal than the one which usually strikes the country. This form of the pneumonic plague is airborne, easily spread by a cough or a sneeze, and has been responsible for two-thirds of all infections this year. The bubonic form of the plague, responsible for the in the 14th century strikes the country each year and infects around 600 people. But with over 2000 alread infected by pneumonic plague (and counting) health officials aren’t willing to quit sounding alarms just yet. Paul Hunter, a professor of health protection at the world-renowned University of East Anglia, was the first expert to predict the plague could travel across the sea. He previously said: “The big anxiety is it could spread to mainland Africa, it’s not probable, but certainly possible, that might then be difficult to control. .” There is always a risk with travel that the , Hunter added. “We don’t want a situation where the disease spreads so fast it gets out of control. We are talking about it spreading in days rather than weeks.” But Hunter is adamant that a well-developed country could manage the plague should a global outbreak occur. Hopefully, most will never have to find out how well another country can manage this infection. A few health experts have warned that there is no threat to the UK, however, . Richard Conroy, the founder of Sick Holiday, has sent a to UK authorities. Conway is . Conroy due to the vast movement of people across the globe. . And it’s not an exaggeration to say that this is a real threat – ,” Conroy continued. “With the current outbreak still remaining treatable with antibiotics, however, the current risk is low.” House of Representatives Paid $15,000,000 To Sexual Harassment Victims Did you know that the House of Representatives has paid out $15,000,000 to victims of sexual harassment in recent years? I am going to share some things with you in this article that are , but it is for a purpose. The status quo is not acceptable in Washington, . So yes, I am going to share some things in this article that are , but the goal is to show you that . In recent days, CNN has interviewed dozens of people that worked on Capitol Hill, and almost every single one of them had stories of sexual harassment to share… CNN spoke with more than 50 lawmakers, current and former Hill aides and political veterans who have worked in Congress, the majority of whom spoke anonymously to be candid and avoid potential repercussions. With few exceptions, every person said they have personally experienced sexual harassment on the Hill or know of others who have. In an environment with “so many young women,” said one ex-House aide, “Amongst ourselves, we know,” a former Senate staffer said of the lawmakers with the worst reputations. And sometimes, the sexual advances from members of Congress or senior aides are reciprocated in the hopes of advancing one’s career — what one political veteran bluntly referred to as a “ . . On Tuesday, U.S. Representative Jackie Speier told a congressional hearing that she personally knows of two current members of Congress that have “engaged in sexual harassment”… “In fact there are two members of Congress, Republican and Democrat, right now, who serve — who have…engaged in sexual harassment.” Speier said one of the harassers has propositioned women with the comment, “ Another , she said, and some victims have had “ “All they ask in return as staff members is to be able to work in a hostile-free work environment. They want the system fixed and the perpetrators held accountable.” And Speier was the one that revealed the fact that 15 million dollars have been paid out to victims of sexual harassment in the House in recent years. The following comes from Breitbart… Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA) told MSNBC’s Chuck Todd on Meet the Press Daily on Tuesday that the U.S. House of Representatives has paid $15 million to alleged victims of sexual harassment by its own members in recent years. “We do know there is about $15 million that has been paid out by the House on behalf of harassers in the last ten to 15 years,” she said. “15 million dollars has been paid out over sexual harassment claims,” Todd replied, somewhat shocked. “So, obviously more than one member of Congress.” If members of Congress are engaged in this type of behavior, why don’t the American people know about it? And why are those members of Congress still allowed to serve? Representative Barbara Comstock also testified on Tuesday. She said that one current member of Congress when she delivered papers to his house… Rep. Barbara Comstock (R-Va.) said at a House Administration Committee hearing on Tuesday that a sitting member of the U.S. Congress exposed himself to a young female staffer who delivered papers to his house–at his request. We need to be told who this member of Congress is so that he can be removed from Congress immediately. This kind of behavior is not acceptable for anyone in a civilized society – . Here are the exact words that Comstock used as she described this incident… This member asked a staffer to bring them over some materials, to their residence. And the young staffer — it was a young woman — went there and was greeted with a member in a towel. It was a male, who then invited her in. And at that point, he decided to expose himself. She left, and then she quit her job. . Of course, this sort of behavior is not just limited to members of Congress. According to an ex-Secret Service agent, Vice-President Joe Biden was regularly engaged in “… An ex-Secret Service agent is claiming that former Vice President Joe Biden engaged in “ and that he would walk around the VP residence late at night . According to Big League Politics’ Cassandra Fairbanks, a Secret Service agent who spoke on condition of anonymity revealed that Biden “ and that a Christmas get-together at the VP’s house had to be canceled “because Biden In fact, things were so bad that at one point a Secret Service agent almost got into a fight with Biden. Here is more from Paul Joseph Watson… During one alleged incident in 2009, Biden cupped the breast of a Secret Service agent’s girlfriend during a photo, prompting the agent to shove Biden and almost hit him. The agent was subsequently suspended for a week, according to the source. Men would often stand in front of female agents and Navy women or create false pretenses to have them leave the room just to get them away from Biden, according to the agent. When I am elected to Congress, I am going to make fighting this sort of predatory behavior a top priority. . . Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare. Madagascar Outbreak: The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or , in Madagascar has been released. Officials warn that that’s infected over 2000 people will become resistant to antibiotics. The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics. But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, and . Once the bacteria is resistant, the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation. According to the Daily Mail, , a scientist has warned. Scores of doctors and nurses have been struck down with the disease, which is predicted to gather momentum in the coming weeks and there are growing fears hospitals will be unable to meet the illness’ burden. Official figures reveal at least 2,034 people have been infected with the “medieval disease” so far in what has been described as .” The outbreak has so far claimed at least 165 lives. Although the plague is responding well to antibiotics right now, amongst experts who predict it will vastly accelerate the disease’s death toll. Professor John Joe McFadden from the University of Surrey told MailOnline: “Fortunately in [the] plague, it has not developed much antibiotic resistance. . If you throw more and more antibiotics at patients, .” Dr. Derek Gatherer, from Lancaster University’s biomedical and life-sciences department, told MailOnline the country would struggle “to cope” if cases continue to spiral. “Madagascar, typically like many African countries, doesn’t have many doctors. There are around three-and-a-half thousand doctors for 22 million people. They only have around 6,000 hospital beds, so they aren’t particularly well positioned to cope with these kind of events. And if it wasn’t for the international aid coming in things would definitely be much worse for them.” And experts continue to fear the healthcare system is on the brink of being overwhelmed. Should the disease actually spread to the African mainland, it will be all but impossible to control and the health care system would certainly be unable to handle the outbreak at that point, . Al Franken Is Just The Beginning As The Curtain Is Pulled Back In Washington DC Al Franken Is Just The Beginning As The Curtain Is Pulled Back In Washington DC Please help support us with cryptocurrency donations. Thank you! For decades, Americans have known that happen behind the scenes in Washington D.C., but the mainstream media nearly really talks about any of it. But now the curtain is starting to be pulled back, and the revelations about Al Franken are just the beginning. Earlier this week, I wrote an article about how “, and that was before a female radio anchor named LeeAnn Tweeden revealed that Al Franken had “forcibly kissed” and groped her during a USO tour in 2006. The following comes from an article in which Tweeden shared her story… I couldn’t believe it. He groped me, without my consent, while I was asleep. . How dare anyone grab my breasts like this and think it’s funny? I told my husband everything that happened and showed him the picture. I wanted to to anyone who would listen, but even as angry as I was, I was worried about the potential backlash and damage going public might have on my career as a broadcaster. But that was then, this is now. . When the story initially broke, Franken rushed to issue an apology… “I certainly don’t remember the rehearsal for the skit in the same way, but I send my sincerest apologies to Leeann,” said Franken. “As to the photo, it was clearly intended to be funny but wasn’t. I shouldn’t have done it.” Needless to say, many were with Franken’s . In fact, some members of his own party said that his apology was and are calling for Franken to be held accountable for his actions… Guy Cecil, the former head of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and now the boss of a leading Democratic super PAC, voiced his frustration with the inadequacy of Franken’s apology on Twitter. “That was not an apology and was an insufficient response to serious allegations,” Cecil tweeted. “ This scandal has set off a as Internet sleuths search for other incidents in which Franken has acted inappropriately. And of course, since we are talking about Al Franken, it wasn’t exactly difficult to find material. For example, a photo has surfaced of Franken grabbing Joy Behar in a . The following comes from Breitbart… Amid the emergence of a 2006 photo of Al Franken groping journalist and talk radio anchor Leeann Tweeden, a photo of the embattled Minnesota Senator appearing to grab comedian Joy Behar’s breast has also resurfaced. Franken was a comedian before he ever entered the world of politics, and we understand that. But just because he was a comedian does not mean that he gets to play by a different set of rules. There appears to be an ongoing pattern of behavior, and Fox News has documented some of the other incidents that have come up in the past… Franken, then a comedian, was quoted in a 1995 New York Magazine article discussing a skit for “Saturday Night Live” that involved . Franken, at the time a writer for “SNL,” suggested one skit should play out with “60 Minutes” commentator Andy Rooney finding an empty pill bottle on his desk. “’I give the pills to Lesley Stahl. Then when Lesley is passed out, Or ‘That’s why you never see Lesley until February.’ Or, ‘When she passes out. I put her in various positions and take pictures of her,’” Franken was quoted saying. The article, along with a 2000 Playboy column in which Franken talked about , was used to attack Franken during his 2008 Senate campaign in Minnesota. . Let’s talk about Bill Clinton for a moment. Democrats have been covering up his sexual crimes for years, and my hope is that now this will start to change. Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, Connie Hamzy, Eileen Wellstone, Sandra Allen James, Christy Zercher, Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers, Elizabeth Ward Gracen, Sally Perdue, Lencola Sullivan, Susie Whitacre and Bobbie Ann William are some of the women that have made allegations against Clinton, . In my article yesterday, I discussed how one Secret Service agent is charging former Vice-President Joe Biden of engaging in “, and I also talked about how 15 million dollars in settlements have been secretly paid out to victims of sexual harassment in the House of Representatives in recent years. . . It is time to take our government back because at this point it has become an . Article posted with permission from End of the American Dream Shock: Patients Are The Hospital Over Fear Of Needles As in the area and hospital treatment as a whole, according to a report in The Sun newspaper. Security guards with at least one hospital have been tasked with forcefully keeping patients in the hospital as well as following the strict safety procedures set up in an attempt to quell the outbreak. The Sun reported: Officials at the hospital say the main reason why patients run away is that and don’t have much experience of hospitals. Jean Benoit Manhes, the deputy representative of Unicef, told the Irish Times: “Some . People here are not used to the hospital. “The problem of plague is not just a medical response. You can have hospitals but if people don’t come it isn’t enough.” Such incidents have prompted fears that the requiring 20 people have been in contact with to be treated as a precaution. Malagasy people have also been told not to carry out their traditional burial tradition of Famidihana which involves digging up their dead relatives every seven years. It means ‘turning the bones’ and sees families cleaning the remains, rewrapping them and reburying them while other family members perform a special dance. The African island’s government has told citizens to pause the tradition for fear the plague bacteria is still active in the corpses and can be spread to the living. News of infected patients running away from hospitals comes on the heels of reports that that are currently being used to treat the outbreak. Mac Slavo recently reported for SHTFplan: The newest warning about the outbreak of the airborne pneumonic plague, or , in Madagascar has been released. Officials warn that it’s inevitable that this bacterial infection that’s infected over 2000 . The only way to treat a person who has contracted the plague is with antibiotics. But experts now warn that because they are being used so much to treat the infection, and making this disease much more terrifying. , the Madagascar healthcare system will be overwhelmed, and the disease will have control of the nation. As Slavo noted, should the disease spread to the African mainland, one can assume that it will be all but impossible to control, thus . Warning: Face masks are placed on children in Antananarivo, Madagascar (AP Photo/Alexander JOE) An expert is . Even though the number of those infected has dropped in recent weeks, . Since the airborne version of the plague can kill a person in just three hours, experts warn that its too soon to think that since there hasn’t been a person infected in recent days, that it won’t pop up again. That’s because , said Dr. Allen Cheng, Professor of Infectious Diseases Epidemiology at Monash University in Melbourne. “, as it is widespread in wildlife rodents outside the sphere of human influence,” Cheng wrote on The Conversation. “Outbreaks, generally, are managed reactively by ‘firefighting teams’, deployed to clear houses of fleas, identify and treat cases and give pre-emptive treatment to contacts at risk. A more preventative approach, such as the identification of areas at risk using climate models and animal surveys to focus flea and rat control efforts, would be better,” he said. “But, this requires a better understanding of transmission pathways in each region where disease persists.” The best way to stop the plague spreading was to focus on flea and rat control in the most at-risk areas, he said. Cheng’s comments came after at least