stolen by Russian spies during the 2016 election. The campaign seized on the emails to undermine Trump’s rival, Hillary Clinton. The Guardian, which did not identify the sources for its reporting, said that Manafort met with Assange “around March 2016” — the same month that Russian hackers began their all-out effort to steal emails from the Clinton campaign. In a statement, Manafort called the story “” and said he was considering his legal options against the Guardian. “I have never met Julian Assange or anyone connected to him,” Manafort said. “I have never been contacted by anyone connected to WikiLeaks, either directly or indirectly. reached out to Assange or WikiLeaks on any matter.” Assange’s Ecuadorean lawyer, Carlos Poveda, said the Guardian report was false. And WikiLeaks said on Twitter that it was “.” It later tweeted that Assange had instructed his lawyers to sue the Guardian for libel. The Guardian cited two unidentified sources as saying Manafort first met Assange at the embassy in 2013, a year after Assange took refuge there to avoid being extradited to Sweden over sex crime allegations. The Guardian said Manafort returned there in 2015 and 2016 and said its sources had “tentatively dated” the final visit to March. The newspaper added that Manafort’s visit was not entered into the embassy’s log book and cited a source as saying Manafort left after 40 minutes. There was no detail on what might have been discussed. The Trump campaign announced Manafort’s hire on March 29, 2016, and he served as the convention manager tasked with lining up delegates for the Republican National Convention. He was promoted to campaign chairman in May 2016. An AP investigation into Russian hacking shows that began an aggressive effort to penetrate the Clinton campaign’s email accounts on March 10, 2016. Why Louis Farrakhan Is Back in the News Louis Farrakhan, the 84-year-old head of the Nation of Islam, has been back in the headlines after a previously unreleased photo of him with President Barack Obama was published in January and Mr. Farrakhan gave an anti-Semitic speech at his organization’s annual convention last month. The Feb. 25 speech, which was given at an event for Saviour’s Day, a religious gathering of the Nation, ran for almost three hours. During it, Mr. Farrakhan said that the “powerful Jews” were his enemies, and that ,” as well as other incendiary remarks. A religious fundamentalist whose group has been condemned by the Southern Poverty Law Center, Mr. Farrakhan is opposed to the legitimacy of the state of Israel, and his political positions regarding the country frequently spill over into bigoted remarks about Jews, which is why many public officials have avoided association with him. Mr. Farrakhan has denied that he is anti-Semitic and has even said that his father may have been Jewish. Much of the recent coverage has been focused on Tamika Mallory, one of the heads of the Women’s March organization, who attended the Feb. 25 speech, and on Representative Danny Davis, a Democrat of Illinois, who defended Mr. Obama and Mr. Farrakhan after the photo came to light. Their reluctance to Mr. Farrakhan has led to criticism from across the ideological spectrum this week. What is the Nation of Islam? The Nation of Islam is a political and religious movement that was started by W.D. Fard Muhammad in 1931 and continued by Elijah Muhammad in 1933. It first became prominent after a man named Malcolm Little joined the organization. Encouraged by Elijah Muhammad, he changed his last name to X and became a minister in the movement. . Who is Louis Farrakhan? Born Louis Eugene Walcott in New York in 1933, Mr. Farrakhan joined the Nation of Islam in the mid-1950s and rose quickly within the organization, becoming close to Malcolm X. After the assassination of Malcolm X in 1965, he became one of the most powerful members of the Nation and its chief spokesman, the position that Malcolm X had held. The Nation of Islam had gained followers around the nation in the 1940s and ’50s by providing something of a religious answer to antiblack racism. It was not widely recognized as an anti-Jewish organization during its early years (its early literature, though, focused on “”). But in 1967, it became , in an expression of solidarity with Palestinians. That political position became a vehicle for Mr. Farrakhan to express his anti-Semitism. (Among his more infamous comments is .”) In 1975, when Elijah Muhammad died, the Nation split into two factions. The faction reconstituted under Mr. Farrakhan in the late 1970s retained the original name, though not the influence or support that it had when its leaders were Malcolm X, Muhammad Ali and Elijah Muhammad. Mr. Curtis said that today the membership could be in the thousands, and there could even be as many as 10,000 followers. Mr. Farrakhan, whose name, the Anti-Defamation League wrote after the February event, is “virtually synonymous with anti-Semitism,” then drew national attention in 1984, when he exhorted his followers to support Jesse Jackson’s bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. In a radio address, he urged listeners to “make an example” of a Washington Post reporter who had reported that Mr. Jackson had used anti-Semitic terms in private. Mr. Jackson repudiated Mr. Farrakhan, but the minister’s support proved troublesome to his 1988 campaign as well. He was back in the news in 1995 when he organized what became known as the “Million Man March,” a political and religious revival event in Washington. ? Ms. Mallory, who declined to comment for this article, did not respond to calls Mr. Farrakhan, for whom she had expressed admiration in the past. On March 3, she said on Twitter that someone had brought to her attention that she had yet to tweet “my absolute position on how wrong anti-Semitism is.” A day later, she said that she was “committed to ending anti-black racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia & transphobia,” but did not mention Mr. Farrakhan. In an essay posted Wednesday, she said that she had been attending Saviour’s Day celebrations for over 30 years. “In that most difficult period of my life, it was the women of the Nation of Islam who supported me and I have always held them close to my heart for that reason,” she said. The essay did not mention Mr. Farrakhan. Asked what the appeal of Mr. Farrakhan’s views might be to people like Ms. Mallory, religious scholars emphasized that the Nation of Islam is a religion and can provide comfort and aid to its adherents. “For those who find it appealing, it is a form of radical black self love that is willing to challenge any potential impediment to black freedom,” Mr. Curtis said. Yvonne Chireau, a professor of religion at Swarthmore who called Mr. Farrakhan’s remarks about Jews “unbelievably vile,” emphasized that his fundamentalism was comparable to the fundamentalist views found in other religions. Coincidentally, the photo of Mr. Farrakhan and Mr. Obama had been published by the Trice Edney News Wire in January. The News Wire reported that the picture had been taken by the photojournalist Askia Muhammad during a 2005 meeting of the Congressional Black Caucus and that Mr. Muhammad kept the photo under wraps so as not to hurt Mr. Obama’s candidacy. (Mr. Muhammad, in a 2012 blog post, said that he was an admirer of Mr. Farrakhan and that the minister was not an anti-Semite. He reaffirmed that he admired Mr. Farrakhan in an interview on Friday, though he said that the things the minister says about Jewish people “sometimes .”) Katie Hill, a spokeswoman for Mr. Obama, said on Friday: “President Obama has denounced racism and anti-Semitism his entire life. That includes his public and repeated repudiations of Louis Farrakhan’s views over the years. Today is no different — he still rejects the Farrakhan continues to espouse.” Representative Davis, who was interviewed by The Daily Caller, a conservative news site, after the photo emerged, called Mr. Farrakhan ,” and later said he was not bothered by the leader’s position on “The Jewish Question.” After a about that interview, largely in conservative media, Mr. Davis said in a statement to Forward on Thursday that “I reject, condemn and oppose Minister Farrakhan’s views and remarks regarding the Jewish people and the Jewish religion.” Swedish PM does not rule out use of army to end gang violence Sweden will do whatever it takes, including sending in the army, to end a wave of gang violence that has seen a string of deadly shootings, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said in Wednesday. Sweden’s murder rate is relatively low in international terms, but gang violence has surged in recent years and Swedes are worried that the police are unable to cope. In 2016, the latest year for which official statistics are available, 106 people were murdered in Sweden, a country of 10 million. But Swedish TV reported there were over 300 shootings, mostly in turf battles between gangs over drugs, protection rackets and prostitution. Four people were shot dead in the first week of this year. One man died after picking up a hand grenade outside a subway station in a suburb of Stockholm. Law and order is likely to be a major issue in a parliamentary election scheduled for September with the populist, opposition Sweden Democrats linking public concern about the rising crime rate to a large increase in the numbers of immigrants. “It would not be my first option to bring in the military, but I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that serious, organized crime is ,” Lofven told news agency TT. The government has promised police an extra 7.1 billion crowns ($880 million) through 2020, toughened laws on gun crimes and made it easier for the police to monitor private phone calls and emails, among other measures. But a report by the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention shows increasing numbers of Swedes worried about crime with confidence falling in the police and the judicial system. “People are shot to death in pizza restaurants, people are killed by hand grenades they find on the street,” Sweden Democrat leader Jimmie Akesson said in parliament on Wednesday. “,” he said sarcastically. Florida shooting: Gun control law moves step closer New gun control measures for Florida have passed another legal hurdle, weeks after one of . The state's House of Representatives passed a bill raising the age to buy a gun from 18 to 21 and imposing a three-day waiting period on all gun sales. The bill, already passed by the Senate, now goes to the state governor. Seventeen people were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, on 14 February. Expelled former student Nikolas Cruz, 19, has been charged in the attack. He was formally indicted by a grand jury on Wednesday on 34 counts, including 17 counts of premeditated first-degree murder and 17 counts of attempted first-degree murder. He is suspected of using a legally bought AR-15 semi-automatic rifle to carry out the 10-minute attack, gunning down teachers and students. What is in the new law? In addition to raising the age and bringing in the three-day waiting period, the legislation: Introduces a voluntary armed "guardian programme" for schools, named after Aaron Feis, a coach who died in the Parkland shooting. It allows school personnel to be armed, subject to school district approval and specialist training Classroom teachers are excluded from carrying arms unless they have a security forces background Bans devices, such as bump stocks, that modify a semi-automatic weapon to fully automatic Raises mental health funding and increases the power to seize or ban guns under mental health concerns The legislation does not include a ban on the sale of assault-style weapons like the AR-15, despite it being a key demand of Parkland students and their parents. Florida law already mandates a three-day waiting period for the purchase of a handgun but a person as young as 18 can buy a rifle with no waiting period. The Republican-controlled House debated the bill for about eight hours on Wednesday before voting 67-50 in favour. Has the move been welcomed? Ryan Petty, whose daughter was among those killed, the House's vote in a tweet. He said: "We know that when it comes to preventing future acts of school violence, today's vote is just the beginning of our journey." State Democratic Party legislators who backed the bill said it was necessary despite the "" of allowing more guns in schools under the guardian programme. Florida now joins at least six other states in allowing school employees to carry firearms. Following the Parkland shooting, many surviving students had lobbied politicians for greater gun control. Gun control activists will hope the Florida measures will be a turning point in their battle with the powerful National Rifle Association and others who defend firearms ownership under the Second Amendment of the US constitution. On the day the vote passed, a 17-year-old woman student was killed in a suspected accidental shooting at a high school in Alabama. What happens now? Governor Rick Scott will need to sign the bill, known as the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Public Safety Act, into law. It will automatically become law within 15 days unless he vetoes it. Mr Scott has not yet said he will back it, telling reporters he would "review the bill line by line" and consult victims' families. He has previously said he opposes US President Donald Trump's call to arm teachers. He had also previously opposed increasing the purchase age from 18 to 21. Wait! Wait! It’s all a MISTRANSLATION! Thus, it took more than a year-and-a-half for the Factory to roll out ” defense to explain away the infamous paragraph 303 of Amoris Laetita (AL), which reads as follows in the official English translation on the Vatican website: Yet conscience can do more than recognize that a given situation does not correspond objectively to the overall demands of the Gospel. It can also recognize with sincerity and honesty what for now is the most generous response which can be given to God, and come to see with a certain moral security that it is what God himself is asking amid the concrete complexity of one’s limits, while yet not fully the objective ideal. In other words, the conscience can “inform” a sinner that his continued sinning is not only acceptable to God but is even what God is asking “for now,” given one’s particular “limits.” This outrageous proposition, a form of situation ethics that strikes at the very foundation of Catholic moral teaching, has justly provoked a storm of criticism from lay and clerical defenders of the authentic Magisterium. But it’s all a misunderstanding, say Dr. Robert Fastiggi, professor of Systematic Theology at Sacred Heart Major Seminary, and Dr. Dawn Eden Goldstein, S.T.D., professor of Dogmatic Theology at Holy Apostles College and Seminary. . Dr. Robert Fastiggi and Dr. Dawn Goldstein Here we go again. So what does the Latin say? Here is the paragraph in the official Latin: Haec autem conscientia agnoscere potest non modo statum quendam ab universali Evangelii mandato obiective dissidere; etiam sincere honesteque agnoscere poteste quod sit liberale responsum in praesenti Deo reddendum atque eadem conscientia firma quadam morali certitudine intellegere illam esse oblationem quam ipse Deus requirit inter rerum impedientium congeriem, quamvis perfectum nondum sit obiectivum exemplar. Yes, and so what? Well, according to Fastiggi and Goldstein, while the English translation reads: “what for now is the most generous response which can be given to God,” the Latin employs the word oblationem, which means offering. So, What the Pope Really Means® is: “what for now is the most generous offering which can be given to God.” So, it’s an offering to God, not a response to God. Big difference. But just a moment: how can objectively immoral behavior ever be characterized as an “offering” to God? It would seem the Latin version has graver implications than the English because it suggests that falling short of what the moral law requires is an oblation pleasing to God if one’s “limits” make obedience to the moral law difficult. : “Pope Francis is not talking about an offering of an objectively sinful action but a gift of self that moves toward God and the objective moral norm.” So, of What the Pope Really Means® would have us believe that objectively immoral behavior, which is the best one can do according “the “concrete complexity of one’s limits,” is no longer simply objectively immoral behavior but rather a gift of self because it moves toward morally licit behavior. Fastiggi and Goldstein have managed to make the problem even worse in their attempt to explain it away. What about the English locution “while yet not fully the objective ideal,” which seems to reduce the negative precepts of the natural law to mere ideals? Not so, Fastiggi and Goldstein contend. Do not know that the Latin text employs the phrase “obiectivum exemplar,” which, translated literally into English is “objective exemplar.” They declare triumphantly: “The Latin term exemplar does not mean an unattainable ideal, it specifically means a pattern or model to follow.” Give. Me. A. Break. A pattern or model to follow is an ideal, as a standard Latin dictionary confirms with its definition of exemplar: “(1) copy/reproduction, (2) model, pattern, example, original, ideal. Likewise, the definition of the English word “exemplar” is simply: “an ideal model.” Here too Fastiggi and Goldsetein only worsen the problem they try to explain away. For if moral behavior is now to be viewed as merely “exemplary” rather than divinely mandated by the natural law that binds all men—including Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery—then basic morality becomes a kind of heroic virtue. Thus, continence cannot realistically be expected, at least “for now” (AL 303), of the average Joe or Jane with an “ex” who has “remarried” and is now mired in the “concrete complexity one’s limits.” So, as Fastiggi and Goldstein would have it, including . According to their proposed “alternate translation” into English, What the Pope Really Means® is that objectively immoral behavior one feels unable to correct due to one’s “limits” is “the offering that God himself is asking amid the mass of impediments, although it may not yet be the perfect objective model.” Which is what the official English translation already says but with fewer words. It seems Fastiggi and Goldstein are hoping no one will notice that their linguistic tinkering produces no real change in meaning but only an intensification of its perniciousness. Indeed, their “proposed alternate translation” reduces the avoidance of adulterous relations in “second marriages” to the “perfect objective model.” Now, how could anyone but a Pharisee expect perfection from people living in adultery? Are you perfect? Then again, the Pharisees are precisely the ones Our Lord condemned for accommodating divorce and remarriage in violation of the natural law. . And Fastiggi and Goldstein are busily helping it along, changing red signals to green. No problem here! has been the mantra of the neo-Catholic establishment for nearly half a century of ecclesial auto-demolition. ! even provide their own dynamic interpretation of AL to mean that the “offering” to God of which