the term “vitality” mean and exactly how is one to measure out how much is required? Is this one of Pope Francis little personal, secret expressions of which only he knows the meaning? Like the secret to how nuns are to smile properly? Does the inclusion of completely subjective criteria belong in a juridical document? Or is it in there in order to provide cover for prelates? The next article tells us, “It is the responsibility of the Holy See to evaluate the presence of these requisites.” Do they have an electronic meter in a cupboard in the Congregation for Religious that measures “charism vitality”? It seems important to ask because article 70, on how to suppress a monastery, includes it: Among the criteria that can contribute to determine a judgment concerning the suppression of a monastery, after having examined all the circumstances, the following points should be considered as a whole: the number of nuns, the advanced age of the majority of the members, the real capacity for government and formation, lack of candidates for a number of years, lack of the necessary vitality in living and transmitting the charism in dynamic fidelity[10]. You will be affiliated; resistance is futile… It seems there are two themes running through the document: to establish a certain value of “” as the indispensable criterion for viability, while at the same time asserting top-down oversight and control over who gets to make this determination. In short, a monastery must be , but heaven help the community that asserts its independence. Articles 54-64 offer an interim measure in the case of “incapacity” that is really just more of the second thing. Once a lack of has been established… 54 Affiliation is a particular form of help that the Holy See establishes in particular situations in favor of the community of a monastery sui juris which has only an asserted autonomy, but in reality, very precarious or, in fact, non-existent. 55 Affiliation is configured as a juridical support that must assess whether the inability to manage the life of the monastery in all its dimensions is only temporary or is irreversible, helping the community of the affiliated monastery to overcome difficulties or to put in place what is necessary to bring about the suppression of this monastery. How does affiliation work? Well, the federation and the Holy See between them work it out: In these cases, it is up to the Holy See to evaluate the opportunity of setting up an ad hoc commission formed by the Ordinary, the Federation President, the Federal Assistant, and the Major Superior of the monastery It’s starting to be clear that the federation is going to be little more than the hit-squad of the Congregation for Religious. It’s worth remembering what happened in the case of a German men’s monastery in which the superior tried to return the community to pre-Vatican II practices. Mariawald Trappist monastery – 900 years old – was finally dissolved, affiliated to death. Its superior had made the error of openly declaring – in 2008, after the publication of Summorum Pontificum – that the monastery’s problems all began when it adopted the new liturgical rites and implemented the trends of all religious after Vatican II, and that clearly the solution was to go back to pre-conciliar ways. Mariawald was consequently affiliated, in the manner this document describes, with a liberal house in the Netherlands whose superior, unsurprisingly, discovered that the house was hopelessly divided and could not be saved. What would make forced affiliation a weapon against conservative or traditional communities is the proviso that an affiliated monastery may not form its own novices: 60 The affiliated monastery can accept candidates, but the novitiate and initial formation must be performed in the affiliating monastery or in another monastery established by the Federation.” Of course, this means it is the affiliating monastery’s formation team that would make the determination to dismiss recalcitrant, “neo-pelagian” postulants and novices. ~ This brings us to about article 155 of the document. Part two to come. _______________ [1] It would seem, therefore, that a useful task for someone writing about what this pope intends for nuns would be to read Sponsa Christi Ecclesia as well as Francis’ Apostolic Constitution and make a careful comparison. I’m not going to do that here, but it might be helpful to examine the two documents with the help of a expert at some point. [2] Worth remembering, however, is the fact that it was Benedict the “conservative,” not Francis, who appointed Braz de’ Aviz in the office to replace Cardinal Rode – presumably under that good old “conservative” rubric of the “big umbrella” – under whom these culpably belated attempts to save US religious life were started. [3] Just considering the numbers of course. Leaving alone the doctrinal issues. [4] “The same Institute” means the order in question, whether Benedictine, Dominican, Carmelite etc. [5] I’d love to hear from some monastic superior who had the nerve to tell Rome, “Actually, given that all our neighbours in religion are raging neo-modernist heretics, if not schismatics, we think ‘isolation’ is a desirable thing – like quarantine during an outbreak of Bubonic Plague – and would therefore like to be dispensed from the federation requirement.” I’d pay good money to see the shade of purple the Braz de’Aviz turned. [6] “justice and beneficence” are considered on behalf of the community, not the patient [7] Bioethicists take it as read that in order for a life to have sufficient “quality” it must demonstrate sufficient autonomy. Dependence upon the care of others is, , a capital offence. [8] Readers may think I’m exaggerating the danger of material motivations for suppressing monasteries, but as we will see, the distinction between the federations and the Holy See is also a matter of paperwork and it is well to recall that the secretary for the Congregation for Religious, Jose Rodrigues Carballo, was a person of interest to international police agencies for the loss of “tens of millions” of Euros from the coffers of the Franciscan Friars Minor, the original Franciscan order of which he had been the head. Shortly after Carballo’s appointment, it was revealed that the Swiss prosecutor’s office was investigating the money missing from the Friars Minor in connection with drugs, money laundering operations and gun running. Carballo was Francis’ very first appointment, April 6, 2013, three weeks after the Conclave and it was to him that the pope gave the task of the destruction of the FFIs, and a major part of that operation was to separate the FFIs from real assets valued at about 30 million Euros. [9] So much for the principle of subsidiarity. I can imagine what a monastery founded by a committee would be like to live in. [10] We’ll pass over “” in silence for now… American in China injured in 'sonic attack' similar to Cuba © Provided by Al Jazeera Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the US was moving medical teams to China over the 'sonic attack' [Leah Millis/ Reuters] US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said a brain injury sustained by an American official in a "sonic attack" in China was similar to those that affected US and Canadian diplomats in Cuba. Pompeo's remarks on Wednesday came hours after the US embassy in China issued a health warning to Americans living there over an "unusual" auditory or sensory phenomena. The embassy said a US government employee in the southern city of Guangzhou reported experiencing a "subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure", which led to a mild brain injury. Pompeo told the House Foreign Affairs Committee the "sonic attack" in China was similar to the incidents in Cuba last year. "The medical indications are very similar and entirely consistent with the medical indications that have taken place to Americans working in Cuba," he said. The US was moving medical teams to the area to work on the case, he said. "We are working to figure out what took place both in Havana and now in China as well," Pompeo said. China's foreign ministry did not comment immediately. Heather Nauert, the state department spokeswoman, said the US embassy learned on Friday that the Guangzhou employee showed concussion symptoms after medical testing. That is the same clinical finding doctors treating the Cuba patients at the University of Philadelphia found. The Guangzhou worker started experiencing "a variety of symptoms" starting in late 2017 that lasted through April this year, Nauert said. The worker was sent to the US for further evaluation, she added. In Cuba last year, 24 diplomats and their family members were left with mysterious injuries resembling brain trauma, which were suspected of being caused by a "sonic attack". Ten Canadian diplomats and their relatives also suffered similar illnesses. The still-unexplained incidents sparked a rift in US-Cuban relations, while investigators have chased theories including a sonic attack, an electromagnetic weapon, or a flawed spying device. Symptoms, sounds and sensations reportedly varied dramatically from person to person, according to The Associated Press. Some have permanent hearing loss or concussions, while others suffered nausea, headaches and ear-ringing. Some struggle with concentration or common word recall. sonic weapon attacks, US tells citizens in China An employee of the American embassy in Guangzhou was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury The US has warned its citizens in China to be vigilant for “abnormal sensations of sound and pressure” as it opened an investigation into whether officials were targeted with a sonic weapon that caused a brain injury. An American government employee stationed in the southern city of Guangzhou recently reported “subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure”, the embassy in China said yesterday. The employee was diagnosed with a mild traumatic brain injury in an incident with echoes of suspected “sonic attacks” on American diplomats in Cuba last year. Mike Pompeo, the US secretary of state, said that medical teams were travelling to Guangzhou to investigate. The government employee’s symptoms were “very similar and entirely consistent” with those suffered in Cuba, he… US embassy worker in China suffers 'brain injury' amid 'sonic attack' fears A US embassy worker in China has reported experiencing "abnormal sensations of sounds and pressure" amid fears of a . The state department has issued a health alert to its citizens in the country, adding that the unnamed staff member's symptoms indicate a "mild traumatic brain injury". The findings echo similar reports that caused the US to recall non-essential embassy staff from Cuba in 2017, after at least 24 US citizens suffered symptoms indicating they had been deliberately and covertly targeted. US investigators are looking into whether the employee in China has been affected by a , which was one of the theories behind the still-unexplained illnesses suffered in Havana. The unnamed government worker was based in the southeast port city of Guangzhou, where an American consulate is based. He has now been flown back to the US for assessment, according to reports. The state department has issued a to its staff in China, which states: "While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source. "Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present." Image: US secretary of state Mike Pompeo is set to meet with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi on Wednesday The embassy in Beijing said it could not link the case in China to the suffered by its staff in Cuba. In an email to citizens in China, the state department said: "A US government employee in China recently reported subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure. "The US government is taking these reports seriously and has informed its official staff in China of this event." They added that they are not sure what has caused the employee's symptoms. The US Secretary of Mike Pompeo has said he is concerned about the "serious health incident" that has affected an embassy worker in Guangzhou. China's foreign ministry and national health commission did not immediately respond to questions about the findings, the Associated Press reported. The US reduced its workforce in Havana, Cuba, in 2017 after its personnel and their families reported experiencing a range of . Investigators have drawn theories including that were targeted by , where the symptoms included dizziness, headaches and vomiting. The can sometimes be carried out by emitting "infrasounds", which are low frequency noises that can affect human hearing if they are loud enough. However, Dr Toby Heys told the New Scientist in 2017 that an infrasound wouldn't be "very covert" as a "large array of subwoofers" would be needed. Image: The US recalled non-essential embassy staff from Havana, Cuba, after potential in 2017 The other type is an "ultrasound" , whereby a high frequency noise inaudible to human ears can be targeted easily at potential victims. They can damage parts of the ear such as hairs that pick up sounds, but again it is reported that large equipment would be needed for such an . Other theories behind the in Cuba include the use of electromagnetic weapons, which can target highly-focused energy at potential victims. This can include a laser, microwaves, or particle beams. Investigators also speculated that a flawed spy device could be behind the victims' ailments in Cuba. The US expelled 15 Cuban diplomats from the US after the alleged . Secretary of state Mike Pompeo met with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi in Washington on Wednesday. They were expected to discuss a planned meeting between President Donald Trump and the North Korea leader Kim Jong-Un, but concerns about the incident in Guangzhou are likely to have been raised. China and the US are considered strategic rivals for influence in Asia, but conduct hundreds of billions of dollars of annual trade with each other. Witness: Muslim Democrat IT Aide Awan Wiretapped Her, Then Bank Account She Controlled Was Drained Longtime Geller Report readers have been hearing about this cybersecurity breach by Muslim IT staffers for well over a year. The Democrat leadership collusion with is , and yet for month after month the media has refused to cover it. Instead, they’re so that they have directed all their energy to . House investigators found the House server was being used for : the were removing information and sending it for foreign actors. take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, . And the father of Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency. Capitol Police are looking into the massive amounts of data the Awans reportedly downloaded off the congressional system, thousands of illegal logins made on the official system, possible theft of tens of thousands of dollars in congressional equipment and fraud and sent to foreign governments and groups. No wonder the Democrats these out of the country. . “Witness Said Awan Wiretapped Her, Then Bank Account She Controlled Was Drained,” by Luke Rosiak, Daily Caller News Foundation, May 21, 2018 (thanks to Todd): After former Democratic IT aide Imran Awan allegedly threatened his stepmother not to talk to police, her email account was accessed in suspicious ways and a lawyer for one of Awan’s brothers found out she emailed the FBI on specific dates and : “?” Days after that, a bank account the stepmother controlled was almost completely drained through a payment to Imran’s brother, Abid Awan, bank records show — but she said she is too afraid to press criminal charges because she claims he has threatened her. The stepmother, Samina Gilani, also previously said Imran stole two laptops from her. Imran, Abid and Jamal Awan — along with Imran’s wife, Hina Alvi, and a friend — worked as IT administrators for 1 out of every 5 House Democrats and could read all their emails and files until police banned them from the network in February 2017for “numerous violations of House security policies.” Months later, none of the family is in jail, and the stepmother and other witnesses have said Imran and Abid have used their freedom to try to steer the outcome of the case since, including by threatening them not to cooperate with authorities, TheDCNF previously reported. In April 2016, the House’s Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) detected allegedly falsified purchase orders, and the Inspector General quickly expanded the scope to investigate cyber violations, finding that members of the Awan family improperly accessed congressmen’s servers and the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times. Though House officials suspected that equipment was being stolen, the Capitol Police did not search their homes, The Daily Caller News Foundation learned, and did not ban them from the network until nearly a year later. In the meantime, evidence appears to have been compromised: In December 2016, the CAO notified congressmen that the caucus server had physically disappeared. Though Abid played a prominent role in the late-2016 IG report, he has not been arrested, with congressmen saying a criminal investigation is ongoing. In January 2017, in the days around his father’s death, Abid removed Gilani as the beneficiary of his father’s life insurance and replaced her with himself, which led to a lawsuit, TheDCNF previously reported. Abid’s attorney, Jim Bacon, used the life insurance lawsuit to force Gilani to sit for a sworn deposition Oct. 4, 2017 in which he told her to reveal what she told the FBI about the congressional criminal probe and tried to get her to find out details from investigators. In one exchange, Bacon knew that she had emailed with the FBI. BACON Q: [redacted] is your email address, isn’t it? And you send emails from that address including two emails to the FBI, didn’t you? GILANI A: Yes, a long time ago. Q: No, not a long time ago. March 5th, 2017. March 6th, 2017. ? ? A: I forgot about that. . BACON: Ah. I think we need to take a break . Bacon did not respond to questions from the TheDCNF about how he knew Gilani had emailed the FBI on those dates…. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books U.S. warns of 'sonic attacks' in China BEIJING -- The U.S. State Department is warning U.S. citizens in China that a government employee reported unusual "sensations of sound and pressure" and was later diagnosed with a mild traumatic