brain injury -- a case that recalls a wave of so-called sonic attacks on U.S. diplomats in Cuba. A health alert sent Wednesday said a U.S. government employee assigned to the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou reported "subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure." The notification said the department was not aware of any other cases inside or outside the diplomatic community. But signaling the depth of their concern, the U.S. Embassy in Beijing and all five U.S. consulates in the country held town hall meetings Wednesday so employees could ask questions and raise concerns. State Department spokesman Heather Nauert said the United States will send a medical team to Guangzhou next week to conduct baseline medical evaluations of all employees who desire one. "The department is taking this incident very seriously and is working to determine the cause and impact of the incident," Nauert said. Though the State Department has not linked this case to any other incident, news of unusual symptoms hitting U.S. government employees recalled a rash of incidents with U.S. and Canadian diplomats working in Cuba. The United States last year decided to withdraw a large number of embassy staff from Cuba after diplomats stationed there complained of symptoms such as hearing loss, dizziness, tinnitus, visual difficulties, headaches and fatigue. The American Foreign Service Association said then that government employees had been diagnosed with "mild traumatic brain injury and permanent hearing loss, with such additional symptoms as loss of balance, severe headaches, cognitive disruption, and brain swelling." Details about the Guangzhou case are still emerging. Jinnie Lee, a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, said that from late 2017 to April 2018, a government employee assigned to Guangzhou reported a variety of physical symptoms. The employee was sent to the United States for evaluation and treatment. On May 18, the embassy learned that the diagnosis was mild traumatic brain injury. "The medical indications are very similar, and entirely consistent with, the medical indications that were taking place to Americans working in Cuba," Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said Wednesday during testimony in Congress. "The Chinese government has assured us they are also investigating and taking appropriate measures," Lee said. The health alert advised that U.S. citizens in China should consult a medical professional if they experience any symptoms. "While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source," the alert advised. "Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present." A Section on 05/24/2018 Islamizing the Schools: The Case of West Virginia This is an , but it is common nationwide: the Daily Caller News Foundation reports that Mountain Ridge Middle School in West Virginia is “instructing junior high students to write the Islamic profession of faith ostensibly to practice calligraphy.” Students are made to write out the Shahada, which states: “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.”This is exactly what I warned about in my book, : A Practical Guide to the Resistance , in the chapter “The Mosqueing of the Public Schools.”. No non-Muslim student should be forced to write or say the shahada without the qualifier “Muslims believe that…” This is because it is a statement of faith. If the school exercise is requiring students to write it, it should be clear from the wording of the exercise that this is Islamic faith, not the student’s faith. That distinction has been glossed over in many, many school textbook presentations. This is in West Virginia, not Baghdad. And it’s a problem not just in West Virginia – it’s . take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Rich Penkoski, the father of a Mountain Ridge student, contacted me and explained the situation further. He sent me the packets the school gave out for the Jewish and the Christian lessons and commented: Notice no bible verses, no reciting the 10 commandments or the Lord’s prayer. No practicing writing in Hebrew (not even the 10 commandments) as compared to the Islamic packet. There are no statements of faith, nothing asking the students to write it or practice in any of the Jewish or Christian rituals. Furthermore the principal of Mountain Ridge Middle School Dr. Branch has used my words against me by saying the teacher did tell the students about the Lord’s prayer (my daughter as well as 1 other said this is false)[.] He is using my arguments I made to him yesterday to protect the teacher. The teacher today told the students the assignment was optional. My daughter as well as other students were under the impression all the packet assignments were mandatory (the Jewish one and the Christian ones were mandatory). I wrote to Dr. Branch to share with him the resource that Miss Hinson used and point out that the material she gave the students did not include all the faith aspects for Christianity. The students received 2 pages for Christianity from this resource while all the Islamic sections were left intact. Here’s the link for you to review. You will notice all the faith elements were left out for Judaism and Christianity while the Islamic section was left the way it’s presented. https://www.gvsd.org/cms/lib/PA01001045/Centricity/Domain/610/World%20Religions.pdf So she decided to use the extra resources for Islam and the school is saying that’s not indoctrination or proselytizing? The faith aspects and the same considerations were not given to the others as they were for Islam. This actually further proves my point that Islam was afforded special privilege over the others. The school is backtracking and being deceptive to try and weasel out of this. The teacher today clarified things for the students but that still does not excuse the fact that they are teaching the Islamic faith and asking the kids to participate in Sharia. Look at the Islamic packet again. They are asking the kids to write the beginning of Surahs. The teacher still has not corrected the error that calligraphy was started by the arabs. They are doubling down and only after being called on it are they trying to backtrack. Rich Penkoski is hardly the first to protest this submission to . In Volusia County, Florida, hundreds protested Islamic lessons in their “World History” text, a Common Core-approved high school history textbook. With an entire chapter dedicated to the virtues of Islam and not a single chapter for Christianity, the textbook had Floridians in a . And who is the biggest pusher of Common Core besides leftist progressives? The Islamic Society of North America, a Muslim Brotherhood front group, along with the Hamas-tied Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). In Florida, CAIR is on the offensive (more here). We have seen the increasing of the public-school curriculum. History lessons in Islam are dawah – proselytizing for Islam. Large public-school publishers have been bought by the Saudis. In West Virginia, it gets even worse. Rich Penkoski has alerted me to the latest development in the of his children’s school curriculum: after the Daily Caller and Geller Report exposed what was happening, Mountain Ridge administrators and teachers began messaging parents who were sharing the story, asking them to remove their posts. What do they have to hide? Apparently, a great deal. Worse still, Penkoski is now being by students who attend the school with his daughter. (And who is behind them? Unidentified “adult friends.”) He sent this message to me: A student in the school to get her adult friends to come to my home and me by stabbing me in the chest and . They told my daughter “we are gonna get some people and your dad.” This student, who is known to me but whom I cannot name because she is a minor, has given students our address and is encouraging them to come to my home over this whole thing. Another student told my daughter that she and the first student and her adult friends are going to me and carve a star in my chest and . They then to . All this in school today because of the articles. This is not a joke and needs to be investigated. I have contacted the school’s principal, Dr. Branch, and I trust that he will take this matter seriously and deal with it appropriately. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books Another Sound Weapon Used To ATTACK US Diplomats: This Time In China A United States government employee assigned to the American consulate in Guangzhou, China suffered a mild traumatic brain injury similar to those reported by diplomats in Cuba. The unnamed worker reported, “subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure.” The government employee experienced the symptoms from late 2017 until April of 2018, according to the U.S. State Department. “The employee was sent to the United States for further evaluation. On May 18, 2018, the Embassy learned that the clinical findings of this evaluation matched mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI),” Jinnie Lee, U.S. Embassy spokesperson in Beijing, told Gizmodo by email. “The Chinese government has assured us they are also investigating and taking appropriate measures,” Lee continued. But this isn’t the first time a sound weapon has been used on American diplomats. Cuba has been accused of using a similar device to cause brain trauma in Americans at the embassy in Havana. It all started in the fall of 2016. Several of the affected diplomats were recent arrivals at the embassy, which reopened in 2015 as part of Barack Obama’s reestablishment of diplomatic relations with Cuba. The Daily Mail reported that one diplomat described being jolted awake in a Havana hotel room by a grinding, blaring cacophony. When he moved a few feet across the room, the noise stopped. When he got back into bed, the sound hit him again; as if, he told doctors, he had walked through some invisible wall cutting straight down the middle of his room. Whether they heard anything or not, the consequences have been unmistakable — symptoms ranging from nosebleeds, nausea, dizziness and severe headaches to mild brain damage and permanent hearing or memory loss. Oddly, as soon as some of the victims left Cuba, they stopped hearing noises. –SHTFPlan The mysterious illnesses reported by U.S. government employees in Cuba are allegedly thought to be either a “sonic attack” or perhaps malfunctioning surveillance gear. It’s not known yet whether the injured government worker in China was targeted with any such device, despite reporting similar symptoms as the diplomats in Cuba. The U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou says that it hasn’t had any other reported cases of strange sounds being heard by American officials, but is taking the issue seriously. “If you have concerns about any symptoms or medical problems that developed during or after a stay in China, consult a medical professional,” the State Department said in a public release. “While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source. Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present,” the release said. The Cuban government continues to deny they attacked U.S. diplomats with a sonic weapon, and very little additional information is known about those who suffered through the strange ordeal. After months of investigations, U.S. officials concluded that the diplomats had been exposed to an advanced device that operated outside the range of audible sound and had been deployed either inside or outside their residences. It was not immediately clear if the device was a weapon used in a deliberate attack, or had some other purpose. Probe in consulate injury allegation finds no clues China has always protected the safety of workers at foreign diplomatic missions in China. [Photo/VCG] China said on Thursday it has not found any trace regarding what the United States described as abnormal sound and pressure reported by a US government employee in China. The employee was diagnosed with a brain injury. The US Mission in China issued an online health alert on Wednesday saying that the employee "recently reported subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure". The mission said it does not know what caused the reported symptoms and is not aware of any similar situations in China. "China has conducted an earnest investigation and has given preliminary feedback to the US. So far we have not yet found causes or clues to the situation described by the US," Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a daily news conference. China has always protected the safety of workers at foreign diplomatic missions in China according to the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, Lu said. The unnamed US citizen assigned to the consulate in Guangzhou had reported a variety of "physical symptoms" dating from late 2017 to April this year, the US embassy in Beijing said in an email. The worker was sent to the US for further evaluation. "The clinical findings of this evaluation matched mild traumatic brain injury," the embassy said. The US State Department will send a medical team to Guangzhou early next week to conduct baseline medical evaluations of all consulate employees who request it, State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said. In October, the US government expelled 15 Cuban diplomats for what it said was Cuba's failure to protect staff at the US embassy in Havana from mysterious health incidents at one point thought to possibly have been acoustic "attacks". The cause of those incidents remains unresolved. Reuters contributed to this story. Capitol Police “Accidentally” Gave To ? . . They gave unfettered access to national security secrets. He then transferred the data to Pakistan. And the continue to protect . The Democrat leadership collusion with is . As the scandal widens and worsens, the media not to cover it. take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. , they . House investigators found the House server was being used for and the were removing information and sending it for foreign actors. The aides named are Imran Awan, his wife Hina Alvi, his brothers Abid and Jamal, and his friend Rao Abbas, Pakistani-born aides. Now we hear the father of Imran Awan transferred a USB drive to a Pakistani senator and former head of a Pakistani intelligence agency. CAPITOL POLICE ACCIDENTALLY GAVE EVIDENCE TO By Luke Rosiak on May 24, 2018: The House IG said Democratic IT aides made unauthorized access to data, but prosecutors haven’t charged them Democrats appear to want to keep the case out of court; a trial could expose their Prosecutors appear to be sharing info with someone on Capitol Hill who is leaking details to the hacking suspect’s lawyer The Capitol Police turned over a in the alleged Imran Awan House cyberbreach and theft case to the defense attorneys when they were supposed to deliver it to prosecutors instead, according to court documents and a source. And hours after The Daily Caller News Foundation asked prosecutors about the disclosure, Awan’s lawyer said he had learned of the forthcoming story from a source on Capitol Hill. TheDCNF had not told anyone other than prosecutors about it. “The cop came to [Awan’s defense attorney] Chris Gowen’s office with a stack of papers … Then he came back and said, ‘I thought you guys were the other party.’ . But Gowen made copies,” the source, who’s familiar with The Awans, told TheDCNF. Awan, three relatives and a friend ran IT for one in five House Democrats and could read all their emails and files until they were banned on Feb. 2, 2017, for “numerous violations of House security policies.” The violations alleged by the House Office of Inspector General include logging into the House Democratic Caucus server thousands of times without authorization. This allegedly occurred during the same period in 2016 the DNC was hacked. Prosecutor Michael Marando alluded to the disclosure of evidence in court on Oct. 6, 2017. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller 2018 Death Toll So Far Is 218 Another Ramadan is upon us, and the jihad death toll so far stands at 218 , murdered in 53 jihad attacks. Once again this year we see that . A jihad group explained it back in 2012: “The month of Ramadan is a month of . It is a month for fighting the enemies of Allah and God’s messenger, the Jews and their .” Referring to a jihad attack that happened at that time, the message continued: “One of our groups managed to bomb a bus full of , after careful tracking. The holy war is not confined to a particular arena and .” In contrast, President Trump issued a statement claiming that “Ramadan reminds us of the richness Muslims add to .” take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. So which is it? Does Ramadan remind us of “the richness Muslims add to ,” or is Ramadan “a month of calamity everywhere for nonbelievers”? . During Ramadan, Muslims are exhorted to renew and deepen their devotion to Allah. Hence it is a time when they’re supposed to grow more generous and kind toward their fellow Muslims. However, the Qur’an says: “Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah, and those who are with him are disbelievers, and merciful among themselves” (48:29). If the Ramadan imperative is to become more devout, the Muslim who applies