means there are still thousands of in the Trump administration that have yet to be dealt with. Defying POTUS Trump’s Order like ex-CIA chief John Brennan . Rod Rosenstein refuses to comply with Trump’s executive order as afforded him by the US Constitution. Establishment Democrats are all over the mainstream media channels calling the act of releasing documents criminal. . Trump is simply asking for full transparency, in what has become , to find collusion where there is none. This is all you need to know about and the Robert Mueller special counsel investigation. The Duran’s Alex Christoforou and Editor-in-Chief Alexander Mercouris discuss the insurrection taking place at the US Department of Justice, as Democrats, ex-Obama officials, and DOJ directors . ﻿ Via Zerohedge… Despite President Trump’s Monday order for the “immediate declassification” of sensitive materials related to the Russia investigation, “without redaction,” the agencies involved are planning to do so anyway, according to Bloomberg, citing three people familiar with the matter. The Justice Department, FBI and Office of the Director of National Intelligence are going through a methodical review and can’t offer a timeline for finishing, said the people, who weren’t authorized to speak publicly about the sensitive matter. –Bloomberg The Deep State: The Fa... Mike Lofgren Best Price: $7.55 Buy New $6.00 (as of 11:45 EDT - Details) Trump ordered the DOJ to release the text messages of former FBI Director James Comey, his deputy Andrew McCabe, now-fired special agent Peter Strzok, former FBI attorney Lisa Page and Bruce Ohr. Also ordered released are specific pages from the FBI’s FISA surveillance warrant application on former Trump campaign aide Carter Page, as well as interviews with Ohr. The DOJ and the FBI are expected to submit proposed redactions to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence – which will prepare a package for Trump to sign off on. “When the president issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesman said in a statement. “The department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the president’s order.” The agencies are likely to cite national security concerns over revealing classified “sources and methods” pertaining to the Russia investigation – which will put them in direct conflict with Trump’s order. Trump, as president, has the power to override the agencies and declassify material on his own. Trump’s order to release the documents comes after months of requests from GOP lawmakers, while the DOJ has repeatedly denied their requests for more transparency. … According to Bloomberg, the DOJ is interpreting Trump’s request to include information about the use of ) Stephan Halper during the early stages of the Trump-Russia investigation. After taking in over $400,000 from the Obama Pentagon under the auspices of a research contract, Halper befriended and spied on members of the Trump campaign, including aides Carter Page and George Papadopoulos. Showdown? Top Congressional Democrats Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Adam Schiff and Mark Warner penned a joint letter to ODNI Director Dan Coates, Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray . Showdown? In letter, Pelosi/Schumer/Schiff/Warner order intel agencies to ignore presidential order on declassification until consulting with Congress. https://t.co/x7JDUJd4t0 pic.twitter.com/o64PC7EEFQ — Byron York (@ByronYork) September 19, 2018 In the letter, the lawmakers “express ” at the decision to “intervene in an ongoing law enforcement investigation that may implicate the President himself or those around him.” “Any decision by your offices to share this material with the President or his lawyers will violate longstanding Department of Justice polices, as well as assurances you have provided to us.” The letter then demands that the agencies brief before releasing the materials “to anyone at the White House.” Reprinted from The Duran. Kavanaugh Battle Brews The Left’s continuing success in delaying a confirmation vote on Judge Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court reveals its to block the nominee from sitting on the high court when its new term begins Monday, October 1. Democrats had Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey Ford’s -- including possible attempted rape -- in hand way back in the summer. . They wanted to at the last minute to blow up the process. And so far it appears they’re succeeding. If Kavanaugh isn’t in place a week from Monday, the Supreme Court will begin hearing cases in its new term shorthanded. The high court normally has a complement of nine justices but with Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have only been eight justices in place. Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court. Democrats would prefer to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they hope to take control from Republicans. Election Day is November 6. The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49. Christine Blasey Ford’s lawyers are trying to game the system. They know that Senate Judiciary Committee rules require Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) to provide a full week’s notice for a hearing. So, if, for example, the committee followed the rules and agreed Friday (today) to a hearing, the soonest it could be held would be next Friday, the final business day before the Supreme Court’s new term begins. Of course, , and have an added incentive to drag the confirmation process out as long as possible. New demands and fake emergencies are bound to arise from Ford’s legal team. It was unclear at press time if the public hearing scheduled for Monday into the allegations of sexual misconduct against Kavanaugh would go forward. Kavanaugh informed the committee he was willing to testify Monday. “I continue to want a hearing as soon as possible, so that I can clear my name," he wrote in a letter. Ford's lawyer Debra Katz told the Judiciary Committee her client "wishes to testify, provided that we can agree on terms that are fair and which ensure her safety." Another Ford attorney reportedly said Wednesday that there are “multiple witnesses” who need to testify. "A hearing on Monday is not possible and the Committee's insistence that it occur then is arbitrary in any event,” Katz wrote in a letter. “Dr. Ford has asked me to let you know that she appreciates the various options you have suggested. Her strong preference continues to be for the Senate Judiciary Committee to allow for a full investigation prior to her testimony.” GOP lawmakers are figuring out how to respond to Ford’s request, the San Diego Union-Tribune reports: Late Thursday, Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), the Judiciary Committee chairman, said that his staff had discussed the issue with Ford’s attorney earlier in the day and that he would consult with his fellow committee members about the next move. Ford’s offer also increased the pressure on several key moderates — particularly GOP Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska — whose votes will probably be needed to put Kavanaugh on the high court. Both were already facing heavy pressure from abortion rights groups concerned that Kavanaugh, and longtime GOP attorney, might vote to restrict access to abortion. The sexual assault allegation, which the nominee has denied, has upended his seemingly sure-bet confirmation and only increased the stakes for the key lawmakers. Chairman Grassley had imposed a Thursday deadline for Ford to submit testimony after her team said Tuesday she wasn’t willing to testify until the FBI investigates her sexual abuse allegations against Kavanaugh. such as Hillary Clinton and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) echoed Ford’s demand. The demand for an FBI probe is “,” former U.S. Attorney Joseph diGenova said earlier this week. Ford “really doesn’t want to testify,” he said. “Because when she does, . She may very well believe everything she’s saying, and that is one of the signs of lunacy, believing something that isn’t real.” And .” Besides, diGenova explained, the eleventh-hour sexual abuse claim leveled against Kavanaugh is a non-federal matter and in this case the alleged assault hasn’t even been clearly outlined by the alleged victim. Ford didn’t report it to anyone for decades and isn’t even certain when or where it happened, so the FBI can’t investigate the matter “because there is nothing to investigate.” Kavanaugh has already undergone six FBI background checks and the agency has ruled out investigating Ford’s allegation of drunken groping at a teenagers’ party 36 years ago. ,” diGenova said. President Trump is taking the high road and is avoiding attacking Ford, which isn’t a risky move given how . Ford is already doing without Republican assistance. At the White House on Wednesday, President Trump said it would be "wonderful" if Ford testifies and "unfortunate" if she does not. He indicated he was keeping an open mind about the allegations but that it was "very hard for me to imagine anything happened" between her and the nominee. "," Trump said. "This is a very tough thing for him and his family and we want to get over it but at the same time we want to give tremendous amounts of time. If she shows up that would be wonderful – if she doesn't show up that would be unfortunate." CBS News reports that Judge Kavanaugh's wife, Ashley Kavanaugh, has received multiple threats. “The text of three emailed threats, obtained by CBS News, were in nature. CBS News has confirmed that the U.S. Marshal's Service has assigned a protective detail to Kavanaugh's family,” the news website reports. The over the confirmation process continues. If Christine Ford were to make her accusation in any courtroom in America, . Here's what that might look like: Defense Attorney : When did this occur Ms. Ford? Ms. Ford : I'm not exactly sure. I believe it was 1982. take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Defense Attorney : Where did it happen? Ms. Ford : At a house in our town. I'm not sure whose house it was or where it was. I don't remember how I got there. But, I can tell you that it had a swimming pool and I recall a narrow stairway. Defense Attorney : Who was present in the house? Ms. Ford : Brett Kavanaugh, Mark Judge, two other boys and another girl. Defense Attorney : What are the names of the other boys and the girl who were present? Ms. Ford : I don't remember. Defense Attorney : Were you hurt? Ms. Ford : No. ? Most victims of sexual assault remember every detail – yes, even years later. No jury would send a young man to prison based on that testimony. , a highly qualified judge, with no other blemish on his record, is on the national stage by a . Ben Shapiro spoke to Fox News' Martha MacCallum and said "you have to have some evidence before you destroy a man's life." Shapiro's comments can be heard in the video below. Jeanine Pirro spoke to Hannity on Thursday night and asked, "Since when does truth and justice or guilt and innocence depend on your political party. . ." She continued. ". I don't want these people to sit on juries. It's no longer about truth and justice. It's about politics." Hannity asks, "Why are people willing to throw out due process, equal justice under the law and the presumption of innocence?" Gregg Jarrett says it's "because to the point where they've lost their common sense." Their commentary on the video below is interesting. Sen. Charles Grassley (R-IA) is to be commended on his handling of the situation. In the spirit of compromise, he called off the Senate committee vote that had been on the calendar for Thursday and scheduled a hearing for next Monday so that both Christine Ford and Brett Kavanaugh could state their cases. Kavanaugh immediately responded to Grassley. For 36 hours, there was silence from the Ford camp. Then, their demands began. First, it was reported that Ford would answer questions, but only at a closed hearing and only after an FBI investigation had been completed. Republicans felt that the request for a closed hearing was reasonable, but the demand for a new FBI investigation was not. The FBI investigates federal crimes and/or national security issues. When the FBI received Dianne Feinstein’s letter last week, they forwarded it to the White House to place in Kavanaugh’s background check file. (Note: The FBI has already conducted six background checks on Kavanaugh, the most recent one was done this summer.) It was announced later that Sen. Grassley would not change the date of the hearing set for Monday. Even Senators Jeff Flake, Bob Corker and Lindsey Graham, who have all said Ford needs to be heard, have indicated that if she does not show up for Monday's hearing, they will schedule a vote on Kavanaugh's confirmation. On Thursday afternoon, Ford's emailed Grassley saying, although her client strongly prefers that an investigation take place beforehand, Ford will testify next week, but she cannot do so on Monday. And she will only be questioned by members of the Senate panel, not outside lawyers. ? In order to avoid the criticism that will no doubt come anyway, the Republicans on the Senate Judicial committee have tried very hard to oblige Ford's requests, even offering to go to California to hear her testimony. She and her attorneys feel that they are in the driver's seat and thus, can call all the shots. . Rush Limbaugh points out that the Senate has to accommodate the accuser. ", determine the scope and the parameters of an investigation. The accuser doesn’t get to determine when and who investigates. ." In addition to the political reasons for the delay requests, it appears as if this woman is reluctant to testify under oath, possibly because she doesn’t want to perjure herself. Maybe she realizes the magnitude of what her accusations have unleashed. Either this did not happen at all or a much milder version of the situation she alleges occurred. Kavanaugh may have made a pass at her as 17-year-old boys (and even some 17-year-old girls) are known to do. Ford said no and that was it. Even she admits, they did not have sex, nor was this a hostage situation. The perception of events by a 15-year-old girl may differ significantly from reality. And 36 years can distort memories, one way or another. . Whatever happened or did not happen, it's difficult to feel sorry for someone who comes forward at such a politically opportune moment. There was ample time to have addressed this in July or August, but Dianne Feinstein . Democrats may be overestimating the strength of their hand. And Ms. Ford may be . Watch all these from her once the Senate vote is over (regardless of the result). Ford can choose to state her case on Monday or not, but she is not in a position to be calling the shots. Juanita Broaddrick: Senator Feinstein Had No Interest In My Rape Allegation Juanita Broaddrick, who accused Bill Clinton of rape — and who’s never ever recanted her story, in all the years she’s made the accusation — ? did nothing but shut down Broaddrick and paint her as a liar. And now? Now things like this, from Sen. Chuck Schumer. Should I call?? https://t.co/FMUKzBU87c take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. — Juanita Broaddrick (@atensnut) September 21, 2018 Yet now the Democrats, including Feinstein, want to demand Christine Blasey Ford have her day in court, figuratively speaking, for her against Kavanaugh? More from the Washington Times: Sen. Dianne Feinstein, California Democrat, has championed Brett Kavanaugh’s #MeToo accuser, but Juanita Broaddrick says the senator never showed any interest in her 1999 rape allegation against President Bill Clinton. Ms. Feinstein was elected in 1992, making her one of the few remaining senators who served during independent counsel Kenneth Starr’s investigation into Mr. Clinton’s affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky. “,” Ms. Broaddrick said Wednesday on Fox News. “Not one Democrat would look at my deposition with the independent counsel. , they did not want to know about it.” . “Oh, it makes me go back to 1999, when Dianne Feinstein, along with every other Democrat, refused to read my deposition to the independent counsel,” said Ms. Broaddrick told Fox’s Laura Ingraham on Monday. “They would have nothing to do with it. That shows you the difference in the double standard that existed back then and still does today.” Ms. Broaddrick has also at Sen. Dick Durbin, Illinois Democrat, who voted not guilty on the Clinton impeachment, as did Ms. Feinstein and Sen. Patty Murray, Washington Democrat. “You voted NOT GUILTY on both counts at Bill Clinton’s impeachment,” she tweeted. “. .” Ms. Broaddrick also said that . . Seems only fair. She has long accused Mr. Clinton of raping her a motel room in 1978 in Little Rock, when he was Arkansas attorney general. “Go back that far, let’s investigate my situation,” she said on Wednesday. “Why not? Everybody says well it was litigated and adjudicated—my case was never litigated, it was never adjudicated. It never went to court. I was discredited at all.” Christine Blasey Ford, a psychology professor at Palo Alto University, has accused the Supreme Court nominee of sexually assaulting her when they were in high school in Maryland. The allegation went public last week after Ms. Feinstein, ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said she received a letter about the incident in late July and referred the matter to federal authorities a week ago. “During every step of this process, from Dr. Christine Blasey Ford eminently credible, sincere and believable,” tweeted Ms. Feinstein on Tuesday. “She knew this would have a huge effect on her life and she was incredibly brave to come forward.” Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Being Skeptical Of Attacking a Supreme Court Nominee Is A