that he decided to publicize this historic missive only after receiving an unmistakable sign from heaven. As he recounts here, after repeatedly “beseeching Jesus and Mary, St. Peter and all of the saintly popes who are buried there to do something to rectify the confusion and turmoil within the Church today, a chaos and an uncertainty that I felt Pope Francis had himself caused,” he asked for a minutely specific sign from heaven on whether he should write the letter: that the next day he would meet someone he had not seen in a very long time, would never expect to see in Rome, and was not from the United States, Canada or Great Britain, which person would utter the particular phrase: “Keep up the good writing.” At lunch the next day, the sign was given. An old friend he had not seen in more than twenty years and would never have expected to meet in Rome, who is now an archbishop, appeared suddenly from between two parked cars, renewed acquaintances and, referring to one of Father Weinandy’s books, said: “Keep up the good writing.” Writes Fr. Weinandy: “I could hardly believe that this just happened in a matter of a few minutes. But there was no longer any doubt in my mind that Jesus wanted me to write something. I also think it significant that it was an Archbishop that Jesus used. I considered it an apostolic mandate.” Can we doubt that it was indeed an apostolic mandate? Can we not see in Fr. Weinandy a voice raised up by heaven itself to say, what even certain traditionalist commentators have ventured to state? This article is featured in the new Print/E-edition of The Remnant. Check out the PREVIEW and Subscribe Today! As if to confirm the validity of his own indictment of this pontificate, only a day after this letter was published, the USCCB demanded that Fr. Weinandy resign his current position as a consultant to the U.S. bishops. He has done so. Fr. Fessio’s Catholic World Report, another voice of the rising mainstream opposition to Francis, notes that “In making such a request, the USCCB, it would appear, reinforces Fr. Weinandy’s very point about fearfulness and lack of transparency.” Fr. Weinandy’s intervention gives us hope that the plan to remake the Church according to the mind of Bergoglio will ultimately encounter a resistance that will bring an end to the Latin American-style dictatorship Francis has imposed upon the Church, even as he speaks of dialogue, collegiality, decentralization and parreshia (but only for those who agree with him). The plan that ultimately must fail may well fail even while Francis is attempting to carry it out. May Our Lady of Fatima intercede soon to thwart the designs of Francis and to rectify the grave harm he has already caused. "We don't like you 'rigid' Catholics!" Pope Francis meets meets with Lutheran leader, Bishop Munib Younan, in Sweden America's Immigration Voice. Years ago numerous Indonesian Christians came illegally to the United States and submitted asylum applications. Those asylum applications were reviewed by the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts. The claims were rejected as unsubstantiated and the illegal aliens ordered deported. However, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) declined to enforce those deportation orders, called Final Order Of Removal During the 10 or so years that the cases involving Indonesian Christians were free to remain in the United States, those illegal aliens did not make any effort to appeal their outstanding orders. Then the United States had an election, and the policy of not enforcing those and many other Final Orders of Removal was ended. Then suddenly, those claimed they were being denied an opportunity to file for asylum or were not receiving due process. They filed a case in the Federal courts and were assigned to a Kritarch, Patti Saris, , even after have had their day in court. . Kritarch Patti Saris In her latest excursion into immigration enforcement policy, she decided that can't be held in custody for their return to their home country. BOSTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered the release of an illegal immigrant who is among 47 Indonesians in New Hampshire challenging the Trump administration’s order to deport them. The man, Terry Rombot, had been allowed to remain under the terms of a 2010 deal with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement until this year, when President Donald Trump instructed ICE that all people living in the United States illegally were subject to deportation. [U.S. Judge Frees Indonesian Immigrant Held By Trump Order, by Nate Raymond, Reuters, November 1, 2017] First, let's deal with the misleading reporting. Rombot was not taken into custody based on any ICE policy of deporting all . Rombot was taken into custody because he had an outstanding Final Order Of Removal; . Saris previously ordered a stay to the deportations. She is currently weighing whether she can order a longer delay to give the affected people time to renew their efforts to gain legal status. Now, with regard to Saris, she has no authority to interfere with the pre-deportation custody of an with a Final Order Of Removal. Rombot was taken into custody because he was soon to be deported. There was no issue of Indonesia not accepting him nor of Indonesia not providing a travel document, so there was no question of him being held in custody longer than allowed in the St. Cyr decision that restricted custody of with Final Orders Of Removal who for whatever reason were unlikely to be successfully deported. She still thinks that she can review the underlying decision of the immigration court as well.In fact, Saris' actions appear to more akin to that of the Mexican kritarch Monica Herranz who aided an to escape arrest by ICE when she let that leave her courtroom through the exit to her judicial chambers. Saris is clearly scheming to help Rombot escape deportation by disappearing into the almost 1 million absconding from Final Orders of Removal to review immigration law enforcement, detention, and deportation decisions. Deadly The pneumonic plague has already infected 2,000 in Madagascar and killed 143 in the country’s worst outbreak in 50 years. But health officials are now warning as it spreads across the globe. Coupled with the high likelihood that this disease could spread globally by an infected traveler getting on a plane to Europe or America, health officials are now warning that the strain of plague which has already killed more than 140 Madagascar . Professor Paul Hunter has warned that, while it would be rather easy for an advanced country to contain the disease in its current form, . Hunter, who is a disease expert at the University of East Anglia, told the Daily Star: “If it reaches the UK, Europe or the US it would be similar to the Ebola outbreak. We would have a few isolated cases but it shouldn’t spread like it has in Madagascar.” But he had more to add. “As with any disease, Hunter said. So far, the majority of the recent cases of the black death have the been pneumonic plague, a more deadly form of the bubonic plague which Europe’s population in the 1300s. While the bubonic plague is spread through the bites of infected fleas, pneumonic plague is spread through the air, usually by coughing. Airborne infections are to control. Symptoms of the plague include a very high fever, coughing (potentially coughing up blood), and headaches. Ten African nations have that the plague could easily spread to their region of the globe. The plague can be fatal 24-48 hours after infection, but antibiotics will take care of the infection. Schools and universities have been closed with a ban issued on public gatherings, such as the tradition of “dancing with the dead” which has been partially blamed for the disease’s spread. The current outbreak is also highly unusual as it has affected urban areas increasing the risk of transmission, according to the World Health Organization. WHO has delivered 1.2 million doses of antibiotics to fight the disease while the Red Cross has been training hundreds of volunteers on the island to publicize preventative measures. Did Saint Francis Predict Pope Francis? Traditionalists are often derided by neo-Catholic commentators for relying on supposedly apocryphal quotations from Popes or saints bearing on the current ecclesial crisis. But these critics never demonstrate that the oft-cited quotations are apocryphal; they merely assert that they must be, as they seem too probative to be true. This is often done in comment boxes or responses to online queries at neo-Catholic websites, wherein the neo-Catholic commentator professes he can find no source for a given quotation—. Take this quotation of Pius XII, for example, speaking in 1931 when he was still Monsignor Pacelli, serving as Pius XI’s Secretary of State: I am worried by the Blessed Virgin’s messages to Lucy of Fatima. This persistence of Mary about the dangers which menace the Church is a divine warning against the suicide that would be represented by the alteration of the faith, in her liturgy, her theology and her soul…. I hear all around me . A day will come when the civilized world will deny its God, when the Church will doubt as Peter doubted. She will be tempted to believe that man has become God. In our churches, , they will ask, “Where have they taken Him?” When I first cited this quotation some 17 years ago, I was contacted by a very prominent neo-Catholic luminary who demanded a source for it, because he and his friends believed it was “apocryphal.” I did not receive the courtesy of a thank-you when I pointed him to pp. 52-53 of Msgr. Roche’s biography of Pius XII, Pie XII Devant L’Histoire (Paris: Editions Robert Laffont, 1972), an out-of-print French-language work I managed to obtain after an extensive search of used book seller inventory. The French original text confirms the accuracy of the English translation I had seen before I cited the statement. A Modernist apostate priest, one Emile Poulet, who left the priesthood and married, attempted to cast doubt on the credibility of Msgr. Roche’s account of the words of the future Pius XII. Small wonder: Poulet, who died in 2014 at the age of 94, belonged to the “worker-priest” movement that none other than Pius XII had condemned, as I note here. His attempt to debunk the quotation involved nit-picking abou. . This one pertains to by Saint Francis of Assisi about a future occupant of the Chair of Peter: A short time before the holy Father’s [St. Francis’] death, he called together his children and warned them of the coming troubles: “. The time is fast approaching in which there will be great trials and afflictions; perplexities and dissensions, both spiritual and temporal, will abound; the charity of many will grow cold, and . “At the time of this tribulation a man, not canonically elected, will be raised to the Pontificate, who, by his cunning, will endeavour to draw many into error and death. Then scandals will be multiplied, our Order will be divided, and many others will be entirely destroyed, because they will consent to error instead of opposing it. “There will be such diversity of opinions and schisms among the people, the religious and the clergy, that, except those days were shortened, according to the words of the Gospel, even the elect would be led into error, were they not specially guided, amid such great confusion, by the immense mercy of God…. ; for their persecutors, urged on by the evil spirits, will say they are rendering a great service to God by destroying such pestilent men from the face of the earth… “Some preachers will keep silent about the truth, and others will trample it under foot and deny it. Sanctity of life will be held in derision even by those who outwardly profess it, for in those days Our Lord Jesus Christ will send them, not a true Pastor, but a destroyer.” [paragraph breaks added] This quotation appears in Works of the Seraphic Father, St. Francis of Assisi, published in 1882 by the London-based Catholic publishing house R. Washbourne, 1882, pp. 248-250). It is readily available as a Google book. The same book, it must be noted, contains an appendix setting forth “Doubtful Works of Saint Francis,” of which the quotation is not part. Thus, the publisher itself carefully distinguished the authentic prophecies of Saint Francis from what might be apocryphal. Moreover, in 1882 there could hardly have been any “radical traditionalist” motive to circulate . "St. Francis in Ecstacy", Caravaggio, 1595 Saint Francis’ prophecy is clearly not a prediction of the Great Western Schism (1378-1417), which did not involve a “destroyer” on the Chair of Peter who leads the faithful into error, widespread apostasy, and the persecution of faithful Catholics as “schismatics.” But it does contain elements very familiar to us today. Something else to consider: Saint Francis, one of the greatest saints in Church history, one of the few who is known and revered by the whole world, freely revealed his vision of an ecclesial destroyer who usurps the papal office. That is, Saint Francis did not suffer from the currently reigning papolatry, which holds that the indefectibility of the Church depends upon defending every word and deed of a given Pope as somehow consistent with Tradition and declares absolutely inadmissible the idea that the holder of the Petrine office could be a threat to the integrity of the Faith. Rather, Saint Francis, illuminated by heaven itself, recognized the coming reality of what Saint Robert Bellarmine, a Doctor of the Church, hypothesized as possible in principle, to cite another “apocryphal” quotation: Just as it is licit to resist the Pontiff that aggresses the body, it is also licit to resist the one who aggresses souls or who disturbs civil order, or, above all, who attempts to destroy the Church. I say that it is licit to resist by not doing what he orders and by preventing his will from being executed… De Controversiis on the Roman Pontiff, trans. Ryan Grant (Mediatrix Press: 2015), Book II, Chapter 29, p. 303. Did Saint Francis predict the coming of Pope Francis? That is not for us to judge, although the Church may­ well issue a judgment of Francis like that of the posthumous anathema of Honorius­­ I. Would Saint Francis have been horrified by the words and deeds of the Pope who has presumed to take his name? . Newly Released Private Surveillance Footage From The Las Vegas Massacre Shows “Helicopter Hovering Overhead” During The Attack Newly released footage of the Las Vegas Massacre, captured by a private surveillance camera and recently released by Fox News host Tucker Carlson, has once again ignited the theory that helicopters were used during the horrific attack. Over the last month multiple videos have been released that many believe show helicopters either conducting an attack on the Vegas Strip or attempting to stop those that were and now, with this latest evidence release, that possibility seems all the more plausible. As Shepard Ambellas reported for Intellihub, “The [footage] is presumed to have been captured by a nearby business’s southward facing security camera which is located approximately 780 feet due east of the venue where the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival was held on Oct. 1. The tape was given to Fox News by an attorney who represents several shooting victims.” , the surveillance camera captured what seems to show a “large amount” of wind and debris being kicked up by a nearby helicopter hovering above the attack and or taking part in it. “Astonishingly, between the times of 10:13 and 10:16 a good amount of debris can be seen being pushed downward and sideways in front of the camera,” Ambellas continued. “By 10:14 much larger crowds of people can be seen streaming through the area to escape the massacre going on,” Carlson reported. “You can see a large amount of wind and debris, apparently that is due to a helicopter hovering overhead.” The footage goes how to show two men attempt to help a victim who had apparently been shot, eventually resorting to covering up the body after they realized it was simply too late. Ambellas also reported on what his research indicates were documented helicopters in the air at the time. A quick review of flight records during that time reveals that a squadron of EC-130 Eurocopters departed from Maverick Leasing LLC at 10:12 p.m., several of which appear to have overflown the parking lot where the victim and debris were seen. However, the departure of the choppers and the fact that several of them overflew the parking lot does not explain all of the debris being kicked up from by a heavy downdraft, prop wash, possibly from a helicopter hovering in place much closer. In fact, the downdraft appears to be constant from 10:13-10:16 p.m. and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead. As I have reported in the past, multiple other videos taken on the night of the attack also seem to point to helicopters being used throughout the city. “Footage has emerged that may show muzzle flashes coming from the helicopter in what looks to be evidence that a team was firing into the crowd from the air on that fateful night,” read a report in The Daily Sheeple. “Despite claims by some that these are “ that this is the case, especially when you consider other footage of the helicopter taken on the night as well as research by a group of investigators who believe the first attack on October 1st was carried out from the air.” It is also important to keep in mind that there is footage of a still unidentified team loading up gear in a helicopter near the scene of the attack. “In what can only be described as a “ the following footage seems to literally show a team of unknown soldiers gearing up next to a helicopter near the Route 91 concert.” Additionally, Carlson also noted during the initial broadcast of the private surveillance footage that the owner of the camera was never approached by the FBI, who have so far never seen the footage, much less investigated it. what actually happened during the Las Vegas Massacre, . America's Immigration Voice. Ever thought that the academic discipline of history has gone to ? Here’s proof, from Australia. The () Institute of Public Affairs (IPA) last week released a major report, The Rise of Identity Politics: An Audit of History Teaching at Australian Universities in 2017 PDF ] by Dr Bella d’Abrera [ Email her ] (PhD in History, University of Cambridge,). All 746 undergraduate history courses taught at Australia’s 35 universities in 2017 were analyzed and it was found that, classified by thematic keyword in course titles and content descriptions, the most common themes were ‘Indigenous’ issues (99 references, 13% of total courses), followed dutifully by ‘Race’ (80), ‘Gender’ (69), ‘Identity’ (55), ‘Women’ (46), ‘Islam’ (39), ‘Colonization’ (39), ‘Sexuality’ (34) and ‘Ethnicity’ (34). Lagging well in the rear were such staples, now mere