of Islam leader, racist, and totalitarian Louis Farrakhan was recently captured on video in Tehran, Iran chanting “ in Arabic and stating that America is the “Great Satan.” Louis Farrakhan, leader of Nation of Islam, met with Mohsen Rezaee, secretary of Iran‘s Expediency Discernment Council, on Sunday in Tehran. Heres’ what he had to say. Iran state TV news presenter: Listen to leader of Nation of Islam chanting "" Farrakhan [in Farsi]: "Death to…" Audience: "…America" pic.twitter.com/p0qGfHHfg0 — Sobhan Hassanvand (@Hassanvand) November 4, 2018 He then went on in a university speech to encourage the revolution and to persevere against the sanctions of the US, whom he referred to as the “Great Satan.” Louis Farrakhan Refers to the U.S. as "" during a Tehran University Speech; Says to Iranians: If You Persevere in Your Revolution Despite the Sanctions, "." pic.twitter.com/7ZVloq2cXL — MEMRI (@MEMRIReports) November 5, 2018 Algemeiner reported: Nation of Islam leader and prominent antisemite Louis Farrakhan chanted “” and claimed that “” on Sunday during a solidarity trip to Iran, ahead of the re-implementation of US sanctions on the country this week. According to Iran’s semi-official state news agency Mehr, Farrakhan said at a meeting with the Secretary of Iran’s Expediency Council Mohsen Rezaei that America is conspiring against Iran. “I understand how the enemies have plotted against the Iranian people and I would like to stay alongside you to stop their plots,” he said. He also American support for Saudi Arabia, Iran’s arch-rival in the region, and added, “ and wants them to kill each other, while God tells us in the Quran to be united.” This man is a domestic terrorist and avowed enemies of the US, many of them US Democrats. What I want to know is why would Louis Farrakhan ever be allowed back inside our borders after such statements? Is this not treason of the first order? Furthermore, why are Democrats such as Keith Ellison, who has a long history of friendship with Farrakhan, despite the lies he tells to try and distance himself from Farrakhan for votes, not being arrested for his ties to this criminal traitor? And Ellison isn’t the only Democrat who approves of Farrakhan! H/T Gateway Pundit Soros-Funded Lawyers Helping Caravan Migrants Get Asylum in the United States Attorneys backed by George Soros are helping caravan migrants get asylum in the United States. 53 SHARES Facebook Twitter Globalist billionaire George Soros is backing attorney’s who are helping the Central American migrant caravans that are headed to the United States border with the intent of entering under the guise of seeking asylum. Currently, there are close to 3,000 migrants in Tijuana, Mexico, awaiting the arrival of other Central American migrants who will continue to travel to the U.S. southern border. There are reports that they plan knowing that some will be caught, but the larger their numbers the more will have a chance to get through. On Monday afternoon, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen tweeted out photos of CBP officers in riot gear as well as the barbed wire and barriers citing the reports about plans . . @CBP and @DeptofDefense appropriately responded by blocking the lanes, deploying additional personnel and seeking assistance from other law enforcement and federal assets. #CBP has reopened lanes for legitimate trade and travel. I want to thank them for their swift actions. pic.twitter.com/eJVVuAs0w6 take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. — Sec. Kirstjen Nielsen (@SecNielsen) November 19, 2018 At one point the caravan was anywhere between 7,000 to 10,000 members strong and mostly consists of migrants with ineligible asylum claims, which include job-seekers, previously deported illegal aliens, and Central Americans looking to get away from crime. None of these are eligible asylum claims, Breitbart reports. According to the New York Times, lawyers with the National Lawyers Guild, a Soros-backed organization, are aiding the caravan migrants before they attempt to seek asylum in the U.S.: Others have begun to deal in practicalities, walking a mile from the shelter to enter their names on a waiting list for an asylum interview. Some volunteer American lawyers who arrived at the shelter to explain the basics of asylum law. [Emphasis added] “People don’t flee their country and go through the on foot unless the situation is desperate,” said Gilbert Saucedo, a Los Angeles lawyer who helped organize the volunteers through the National Lawyers Guild. [Emphasis added] “I have talked to maybe 100 people today,” he said on Saturday, “and maybe 70 percent had credible cases on the surface.” Yet many lack the documents they need to provide evidence. [Emphasis added] Last week, Breitbart News reported how caravan migrants in Tijuana began scaling the U.S.-Mexico border fence. In response, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has placed razor wire along the fence. Locals in Tijuana protested against the arrival of the , as Breitbart News reported, demanding they leave the city. To deal with the perceived threat the US has deployed 5,200 troops to help more than 2,000 National Guardsmen thwart what President Trump describes as an impending migrant“invasion.” Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff. To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal. Groups of Migrants Heading to San Diego Will Be Met With Barricades And Razor Fences (Videos) The Military continues to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana. United States military and border protection agents have been erecting barricades with razor wire at the point of entry near San Diego, California, as the first groups of migrants arrived at the US-Mexico border. Hundreds of migrants who had split off from the main ‘caravan’ of thousands arrived in Tijuana early Tuesday on nine buses. Numbering just over 350, they joined an initial smaller group of around 85 people, mostly members of the LGBT community, who’d experienced discrimination within the main crowd and were helped to make it to the Mexican border town even earlier on Sunday. Military crews continue to put up razor wire at the border in San Ysidro as a migrant caravan is expected to reach Tijuana. https://t.co/mQH6eqrBNy pic.twitter.com/4IXGNAfSem — Danielle Radin (@danielleradin) November 13, 2018 Here are the three lanes that were shut down at the San Ysidro port of entry in TJ today in anticipation of the caravan. There are seven US army members here with CBP at the moment. Story with @Haleaziz on this https://t.co/SpLVnl3bAT pic.twitter.com/1nGFRNJanJ take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. — Adolfo Flores (@aflores) November 13, 2018 RT reports: In anticipation of potential clashes at the border, American soldiers have begun reinforcing their positions. “Department of Defense personnel are installing concertina wire, and pre-positioning jersey barriers, barricades, and fencing,” US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) said in a statement. US Marines instal wire along the primary border wall at the port of entry next to Tijuana in San Ysidro, San Diego.🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/aX0bznl2bm — The Real Lonnieღ IV (@lonnieloveiv) November 13, 2018 A snaking line of traffic is visible at the San Ysidro Port of Entry after CBP announced it would close multiple entry lanes into the U.S. at two San Diego-area ports of entry in anticipation of the so-called migrant caravan's arrival. https://t.co/92mOg1XNqu pic.twitter.com/mrQU6HYAgH — #NBC7 San Diego (@nbcsandiego) November 13, 2018 To tackle any “potential safety and security risk,” the CBP also announced lane closures at the San Ysidro and Otay Mesa ports of entry, to install “port hardening infrastructure equipment” in preparation for the migrant caravan arrival. Currently, several thousand predominantly male Central American migrants heading for the US are in the western Mexico city of Guadalajara. Most of them intend to take the Pacific coast route to reach the US, which is still about 1,500 miles away. A group of migrants is gathered on the Mexico side of the U.S/Mexico border fence in San Diego. None have fully climbed over, just sitting on the fence. pic.twitter.com/S8nUzjzKyZ — Kelly Biele (@kellytvnews) November 14, 2018 Photos posted on WhatsApp of the San Ysidro port of entry today. pic.twitter.com/MzQoN4mbrr — Andrew Dyer 🛴 (@SDUTdyer) November 13, 2018 Troops getting ready to close off three NB vehicle lanes at the San Ysidro Port Entry and one at the Otay Mesa Port of Entry. They’ll be putting up barriers and razor wire in preparation for the ded to the US/Mexico border. @10News pic.twitter.com/rc6YsAF5VQ — Mimi Elkalla (@10NewsMimi) November 13, 2018 To deal with the perceived threat the US has deployed 5,200 troops to help more than 2,000 National Guardsmen thwart what President Trump describes as an impending migrant“invasion.” Over the past few weeks, the active-duty servicemen deployed under Operation Faithful Patriot have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border in Texas, California and Arizona, as well as building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff. To ensure the success of the military operation, in addition to sheer troop numbers, the US forces have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal. They Are Coming: Migrant Caravan Resumes March to US Border (Video) Thousands of migrants are making their way to the US border where they will be met with barbed wire and American forces blocking their illegal entry into the United States. 665 SHARES Facebook Twitter The migrant caravan has resumed their march through Mexico towards the U.S. border that is being reinforced by the Army and Marine Corps. President Trump has effectively suspended the granting of asylum to migrants who cross illegally. Trump signed the order on Friday, and it went into effect on Saturday. The order means that migrants will have to present themselves at U.S. ports of entry to qualify for asylum and follow other rules unveiled on Thursday that seek to limit asylum claims. After spending almost a week in Mexico City, where many refused to accept asylum from Mexico, the caravan, made up mostly of male Hondurans, but also nationals of other Central American countries, is now on the move towards the United States border. A Ruptly video shows hundreds of people getting on trains in Mexico subway, and boarding heavy trucks or buses somewhere outside the city. Others are seen using cars to continue their trek towards the border. take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. RT reports: To get there, migrants will have to travel some 1,700 miles (2,735km) to the northwest, a much longer route than to the nearest US border crossing at McAllen, Texas, which many consider to be the safest option. Meanwhile on the other side of the US border, efforts are being made to reinforce it and make it less penetrable from the outside. The US has deployed 5,200 troops to help border protection thwart what Donald Trump has described as an impending migrant “invasion.” Troops setting up barb wire under the Hidalgo Reynosa bridge #RGV -Miltares colocan cerca alámbrica en la frontera #Texas #Telemundo40 vid @AntonioNewsT40 pic.twitter.com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018 For now, the active-duty servicemen have mainly been erecting barbed-wire fences along the border and building shelter accommodation for customs and border protection staff. In addition to numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation. ﻿ As the caravan approaches the US border, President Donald Trump has signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum. “ but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before departing for Paris. Thousands of Troops and Razor Wire: US Border Reinforced Against Migrant ‘Invasion’ (Videos) . 2.3k SHARES Facebook Twitter Sharp barbed wire fences are being erected along the US-Mexico border as thousands of US troops, supported by drones and choppers, prepare to repel what the country’s commander-in-chief called a looming migrant “invasion” approaches the United States border. . They are predominantly young men, there are few woman and children that make up the mass of the thousands that . Where are the women and children? There are thousands of predominantly young men marching towards the border. The first coils of the fence were unwound in the vicinity of McAllen–Hidalgo–Reynosa International Bridge crossing in Texas on Friday, after the first units of soldiers were deployed at the border started reinforcing the frontier against any potential breaches. take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. The same fortification effort will soon start across other parts of the state as well as in Arizona, and California. “We have enough concertina wire to cover up to 22 miles already deployed, already to the border. We have additional concertina wire that we can string with over 150 miles available,” the head of the Northern Command, Terrence O’Shaughnessy told reporters earlier this week, RT reports. Troops setting up barb wire under the Hidalgo Reynosa bridge #RGV -Miltares colocan cerca alámbrica en la frontera #Texas #Telemundo40 vid @AntonioNewsT40 pic.twitter.com/8cr3XfH2T6 — Iris Rodriguez (@IrisNews) November 2, 2018 Active duty U.S. ARMY Troops at the McAllen Hidalgo Intl Bridge putting up concertina wire. @kgbt pic.twitter.com/AnZFtAl3l3 — Jolanie Martinez (@JolanieKGBT) November 2, 2018 C-wire stretches along the Rio Grande at the Texas-Mexico border, the morning after being installed by US troops – and just days ahead of US midterm elections. #Immigration #CaravanaMigrantes #Border #undocumented #ARMY pic.twitter.com/eNsrqJz9Lu — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 3, 2018 President Trump ordered over 5,200 soldiers to be deployed at the southern border by the end of the week to aid some 2,000 National Guardsmen already in place. By Saturday, more than 3,500 troops had been deployed, including about 1,000 Marines in California, the Pentagon said. Trump, however, said that the number might be increased to 15,000 active US personnel if the initial contingent is not enough. Someone sent my dad this video at the Hidalgo border crossing. Looks like they’re already starting to deploy troops at the border. pic.twitter.com/GSP9JiHpqf — bananas in pajamas (@EverydayDaniel) November 2, 2018 Happening Now: US troops performing maintenance work on security infrastructure at the Hidalgo – Reynosa International Bridge. pic.twitter.com/R88Y9X7lPF — Jose F Sanchez (@JoseBorderTeam) November 2, 2018 Currently, two groups of migrants, according to various estimates numbering up to 6,500 people, mainly families, are heading towards the US through Mexico. Meanwhile, a third caravan of migrants, this time from El Salvador, has reportedly already crossed into Mexico. At the same time, according to military planning documents, the majority of the crowd might dissolve along their long journey to the US. While the US still has very little intel about the composition of the migrant caravans, one way or the other the White House plans to outmatch the number of potential illegals and, if not, . Currently, Washington has allocated roughly the same number of troops it has committed to fighting Islamic State in Syria (2,000) and Iraq (5,000). And if 15,000 troops are deployed to the border, they will outmatch the number of US forces currently fighting in Afghanistan (14,000 troops). U.S. Army troops, part of “Operation Faithful Patriot” arrived to the U.S. border with Mexico, deployed by President Trump ahead of midterms. Soldiers spread out barbed wire along the Rio Grande in south Texas. #immigration #border #caravanamigrante #undocumented #army pic.twitter.com/PVD6YIbCvk — John Moore (@jbmoorephoto) November 2, 2018 In addition to numbers, the US forces will have drones, helicopters with night-vision capabilities, and fixed-wing aircraft at their disposal to ensure the success of the military operation. President Trump seems to be pleased with the deployment so far, noting the “”sight of barbed wire decorating the tranquil scenery of the Rio Grande’s crossing along the US-Mexico border. “We have our military on the border,” Trump said in Montana, while campaigning for the Republicans in the state ahead of next week’s midterm election. “And I noticed all that beautiful barbed wire going up today, the barbed wire used properly can be a .” , “that’s not for [voters] to know” Says Campaign Staff in Undercover Video – PVA Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Link Embed Copy and paste this HTML code into your webpage to embed. Empty Promises Exposed: “Fairy tales in the modern day begin with ‘once I am elected. '” Deceiving Voters: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” but “That’s not for [voters] to know.” Candidate’s True Politics: “Gillum is ” and “He is .” Election Strategy: “. The poor, the middle income. .” Secret Gun Control Agenda Revealed: “three day waiting period for everybody,” “small steps” to ban assault rifles; “I don’t think he can say it [be]cause he’s