muscles on their borders. Continuing South and North Korean peace talks scheduled this week were cancelled by the North Koreans. The Singapore summit between US President Donald Trump and North Korea’s Kim Jong-un is now threatened with cancellation or delay. Who can blame the North Koreans for blowing their tops? As Trump administration mouthpieces were about peace and light, the US Air Force was getting ready to fly B-52 heavy bombers and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters around North Korea’s borders and missile-armed subs lurked at sea. This was the first of two major spring military exercises planned by the US and its South Korean . In case North Korea failed to get the message, the second exercise is code-named ‘Maximum Thunder.’ American Raj: Liberati... Eric Margolis Best Price: $5.99 Buy New $45.86 (as of 09:30 EDT - Details) And this right after Trump and his s reneged on the sensible nuclear treaty with Iran. In a policy one could call Trump demanded that Iran not only give up any and all nuclear capacity (Iran has no nukes), but also junk its non-nuclear armed medium range missiles, stop backing the Palestinians, Hezbollah in Lebanon and the Houthis in Yemen, , don’t do anything to upset Israel, and pull out of Syria. In short, a policy leading to future regime change. Hardly an encouragement for North Korea. North Korea was right on target when it accused arch-neocon John Bolton of trying to sabotage the peace deal. In 2005-2006, Bolton served as the Bush administration’s ambassador to the UN. He established a tradition for the post of being anti-Muslim, pro-Israel and anti-Russian, a policy continued to this day by the current US UN rep, loud-mouthed neocon Nikki Haley. In the 2005-2006 period, after years of negotiations, the US and North Korea were close to a nuclear/peace deal. Enter John Bolton. He succeeded in sabotaging the US-North Korea deal. Why? Because Bolton, as an arch neocon, was pro-Israel and feared that North Korea might provide nuclear technology to Israel’s foes. As usual with the neocons, Israel’s interests came before those of the United States. Trump’s newly named Secretary of State, Michael Pompeo, is also an ardent neocon. Last week, Bolton went onto US TV and actually suggested North Korea might follow the course set by Libya, of all places. Libya’s then ruler, Muammar Kadaffi, bought some nuclear equipment from Pakistan so he could hand it over to the US as a gesture of cooperation after the Bush administration invaded Iraq. The handover was done with , then the US, France and Britain attacked Libya and overthrew Kadaffi. The Libyan leader was eventually murdered by French agents. War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 09:00 EDT - Details) The Northerners certainly seemed to think so. Some wondered if Bolton and perhaps Pompeo were trying to sabotage the North Korea deal. Or were at least being and belligerent. Hard to tell. But he can’t be happy. His and are promoting Trump for the Nobel Prize – rather ahead of events. Or was the US military rattling its sabers and trying to protect its huge investments in North Asia? The Pentagon takes a dim view of the proposed Korean nuclear accords. The burst of sweetness and light coming from Pyongyang just sounds . Veteran Korea observers, this writer included, find it hard to believe Kim Jong-un will give up his nuclear weapons, particularly after seeing Trump’s deceit in dealing with Iran and Kadaffi’s murder. Speaking of de-nuclearization, why does North Korea not demand that the US get rid of its nuclear weapons based in South Korea, Okinawa, Guam and with the 7th Fleet? Many are targeted on North Korea. US nuclear weapons are based on Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean. Others are secretly based in Japan. Why not demand the US pull out all its 28,500 troops in South Korea and some 2,000 military technicians at air bases? Conclusively halt those spring and fall military maneuvers that raise the threat of war. End the trade embargo of North Korea that amounts to high level economic warfare. Establish normal diplomatic relations. Pyongyang has not even begun to raise these issues. Smiles and hugs are premature. The Best of Eric Margolis EXPERIMENTAL Ebola Vaccine Will Be Administered In Congo As Ebola Death Toll Climbs An experimental Ebola vaccine is being rolled out in Congo as . The vaccination campaign will begin today. “The vaccination campaign begins tomorrow, Monday, in Mbandaka, capital of the province,” Minister of Health Oly Ilunga told The Associated Press as reported by 9 News Australia. “It will target, first, the health staff, the contacts of the sick and the contacts of the contacts.” The World Health Organization has been warning about the “Ebola situation” in Congo, and it appears their is an experimental vaccine. An experimental vaccine is one that has never been tried on humans before. Ebola hemorrhagic fever, seen mostly only in Africa, is one of the world’s most feared diseases. It begins with flu-like symptoms, followed by bloody diarrhea and vomiting. Days later, some victims begin bleeding through the nose, mouth, and eyes. Depending on the strain of the Ebola virus, . There is no cure for Ebola. The virus is spread through direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person. So, is the Ebola virus reaching a enough level that an experimental vaccine is warranted? The death toll has reached 26 and the vaccine will be rolled out at Mbandaka, the north-western city of 1.2 million recently struck by the outbreak. Since the virus is spread through direct contact, an isn’t airborne, it isn’t nearly as deadly as it could be. Read more here about Ebola and how it is transmitted: Initially, the campaign will target 600 people, mainly medical staff, contacts of suspected cases, and those who have been in contact with the contacts, Ilunga said. Officials are working urgently to prevent the disease from spreading beyond Mbandaka, which lies on the Congo River, a busy traffic corridor, and is an hour’s flight from the capital. The spread of Ebola from a rural area to Mbandaka has raised . The fever can cause severe internal bleeding that is often fatal. Meaning, the virus itself doesn’t actually kill. The immune system’s response to the virus is what’s deadly. ZMapp is also an experimental drug that could aid in the recovery from the Ebola virus. But, like the vaccine being administered, it has not been tested for safety or efficacy yet. It is not a vaccine – it is a therapeutic drug. Of the seven people given the drug so far, two have died. ZMapp show “promise,” although scientific results are not definitive. The risk of Ebola spreading within Congo is “,” according to authorities, and , the World Health Organization has warned. The WHO, however, stopped short of declaring the outbreak a global health emergency. WHO said there should not be restrictions on international travel or trade. In the meantime, it’s important to prevent oneself from contracting the virus. Unfortunately, health care workers are at the greatest risk as they try to cull the suffering: which is why they will be the first to get the experimental vaccine. For their sake, let’s hope it works better than . People Call On White House To Pardon Oregon Ranchers Steve & Dwight Hammond A couple of years ago, I introduced you to the Hammon family, a rancher family out of Oregon that was targeted after the patriarch in the family and his son went to jail for doing what ranchers do, setting fires to protect property and livestock. However, in the day and age of unmitigated "terrorism" charges, once they served their sentence the federal government went after both men for more time inside their prison . Their story ultimately led to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge protest, which led to the murder of LaVoy Finicum. Now, many who have seen what took place both in the Oregon trials and the Bundy Ranch trials are calling on President Donald Trump to issue a pardon for Steve and Dwight Hammond. According to the White House petition on behalf of Dwight and Steven Hammond by Protect The Harvest: The Hammond case is viewed by many in the West, and indeed across the nation, as a akin to . take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. As long as Dwight and Steven Hammond remain in jail for what is obviously a , this matter remains a on the federal regulatory agencies and the criminal justice system. Rural communities of the West are appreciative of the efforts of the Trump administration to restore the economies of these communities. We respectfully ask President Trump to pardon Dwight and Steven Hammond. with that assessment and President Trump pardoning these men. They are from terrorists. They are , family ranchers who simply were doing their job. I've written on the Hammond's case in several articles, which you can view below. Many of you followed these stories when the mainstream wouldn't cover them. Many of you followed Bundy Ranch until after the trials, but when we asked for people to step up and sign a petition to bring Bundy Ranch prosecutor Steven Myhre to justice for his crimes, we couldn't get 1,000 signatures. Please, put yourself in the position of these humble ranchers and consider if you would appreciate someone simply taking the time to put their name on a petition to which the President of the united States might have to respond to by setting these men free. Consider that and then, please, support the petition by clicking here. US staffer suffers brain injury after 'sound' incident in China | Bangkok Post: news An American flag is flown next to the Chinese national emblem during a welcome ceremony for visiting US President Donald Trump outside the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Nov 9, 2017. (AP file photo) BEIJING: The US embassy in China issued a health alert Wednesday after a US government employee experienced an "abnormal" sound and suffered a mild brain injury -- in an incident reminiscent of a mysterious illness that hit diplomats in Cuba. US and Chinese authorities are investigating the matter after the employee, who was assigned to the southern city of Guangzhou, was diagnosed with mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI), said embassy spokeswoman Jinnie Lee. In an alert emailed to US citizens in China, the embassy said it does not know what caused the symptoms or of any similar situations in the country. In Cuba last year, the US disclosed that 24 diplomats and their family members had fallen victim to an unsolved mysterious attack that left them with injuries resembling brain trauma. Ten Canadian diplomats and their relatives also suffered a strange illness. "We cannot at this time connect it with what happened in Havana but we are investigating all possibilities," a US embassy official in Beijing told AFP on the condition of anonymity. The embassy's health alert says the government employee "recently reported subtle and vague, but abnormal, sensations of sound and pressure". "The US government is taking these reports seriously and has informed its official staff in China of this event," the message says. US and Chinese authorities are investigating the matter, an embassy spokeswoman said "While in China, if you experience any unusual acute auditory or sensory phenomena accompanied by unusual sounds or piercing noises, do not attempt to locate their source. Instead, move to a location where the sounds are not present," it says, urging people with medical problems to consult a doctor. Lee said the employee experienced "a variety of physical symptoms" between late 2017 through April 2018. The person was sent to the United States and diagnosed with MTBI on May 18. "The (State) Department is taking this incident very seriously and is working to determine the cause and impact of the incident," Lee said. "The Chinese government has assured us they are also investigating and taking appropriate measures." The Chinese foreign ministry could not be immediately reached for comment. - Cuban case - In Cuba, the American victims had associated the onset of their symptoms with "unusual sounds or auditory sensations", a State Department physician told the US Senate in January. Charles Rosenfarb, a doctor and director of the State Department bureau of medical services, said the symptoms were mixed but consistent with brain trauma. The victims suffered headaches, hearing loss, disorientation and some loss of cognitive ability. (Video YouTube/TIME) Initially officials suspected the Americans had been targeted by some sort of acoustic weapon, although in public senior officials were more cautious, speaking of "health attacks". Media reports have suggested that the FBI has not been able to verify any evidence to support the sonic weapon theory. The US government has held Cuba responsible, arguing that Raul Castro's authoritarian state must have either carried out the assaults or at least known who was behind them. The incident prompted the United States last year to withdraw more than half of its personnel at the embassy in Havana, which reopened in 2015 as the two nations re-established diplomatic relations that had ruptured in 1961. Canada announced last month that it was bringing home the families of its diplomats in Cuba after a year-long investigation into the illness failed to reveal a cause. "The cause (of their symptoms) remains unknown but could be human-made," the Canadian government concluded. Canadian and US authorities had initially suspected a "sonic attack" or a "mass psychosomatic incident", but those are "now considered unlikely", a senior Canadian official said. The symptoms included dizziness, headaches and a lack of ability to concentrate. Unlike their American counterparts, however, no Canadian envoy reported hearing any suspicious sound prior to falling ill. Pope Francis vs Contemplative Orders The Francis Vatican’s approach to the contemplative life is probably the most illustrative of our entire crisis. Contemplative life is aimed only at a purely supernatural end. It has no “use” in the sense that either the Bergoglians – in terms of their political machinations – or the world can understand. There is probably no other place where the differences between the two programmes - the Catholic programme of Christ and the Bergoglian/Kasperian programme - are more sharply contrasted. One aspect of Pope Francis’ character that seems little-explored by the Catholic and secular media alike is his apparent disdain for contemplative religious life – a facet of Catholic life that could be described as the most purely religious of all the Church’s undertakings. The world does not understand it or want it. Therefore, it is something of a thorn in the Bergoglian side, and he has repeatedly expressed his contempt for it. So when, in 2016 he issued a document on contemplative nuns, the faithful braced for impact . In his recent document, ostensibly on holiness, “Gaudete et Exultate,” the pope the religious desire for silence and solitude, to be alone with God in prayer, seeking unity with Him, saying in essence that the Christian life is inherently about social activism, about material, worldly ends. To these foundations of the contemplative life – indeed of any form of religious life in the Church – Francis set up another of his dichotomies, contemplation in opposition to serving others, giving a Jesuit maxim as an imperative for all Catholics: “We are called to be contemplatives even in the midst of action, and to grow in holiness by responsibly and generously carrying out our proper mission.” Italian Vaticanist Marco Tosatti commented dryly, “Rejoice and be glad… but not if you’re a cloistered contemplative.” In 2016, I wrote that Francis’ Apostolic Constitution, “Vultum dei quaerere” was in some respects object of the pontificate to date. Unfortunately, it was about a subject that the world, and therefore the modern Church, cares so little about that hardly anyone noticed. Aimed specifically at female contemplative religious, the document threatened that in a year or so another would be forthcoming laying out precisely what would now be required of nuns to continue in their vocations. The new document issued last week, “Cor orans,” is juridical, that is, it is not much more than a list of specific norms, or rules – 289 of them! – that all communities of contemplative nuns must now follow. One odd remark in article 19 is maybe the most succinct description of the direction planned for contemplatives: “A monastery of nuns, as every religious house, is erected while keeping in mind its usefulness for the Church and for the Institute.” (emphasis added) Wait… its “usefulness”? I think a fair question for the Faithful to ask this Vatican department might be, “According to what specific criteria is a monastery’s ‘usefulness’ actually determined?” One can’t help but hearken back to the criteria for monasteries that were allowed to survive the revolutionary purges in 18th and 19th century Europe. A house that could prove to the secularists that it was “useful” – that it could care for the indigent elderly, teach children or nurse the sick – would be allowed to continue. Those which were purely contemplative – a single-minded devotion to the adoration of God – were closed. It is not an insignificant quirk of modern history, and one that tells us much about the nature of the current pontificate, that houses of contemplatives are always attacked by secularist regimes, . Rupture? What rupture? The first thing Cor orans does is claim continuity with both pre and post-Vatican II theology. In the Introduction, it seems anxious to establish a “hermeneutic of continuity” with Pius XII and his document Sponsa Christi Ecclesia of 1950. The authors insist there is no contradiction between the two – except, of course, where there are contradictions – and that both Pius XII and Francis are keen to see nuns reaching the “aim of their specific vocation.” It describes Francis as promulgating this document “in the wake” of Pius XII[1]. In fact, Pope Francis, by promulgating the Apostolic Constitution Vultum Dei quaerere, on June 29, 2016, to help the contemplatives reach the aim of their specific vocation, invited reflection and discernment on the precise content tied to consecrated life in general and to the monastic tradition in particular, but he did not intend to abrogate Sponsa Christi Ecclesia that was derogated only in some points. As a consequence, the two pontifical documents are to be held as normative in force for monasteries of nuns and must be read in a unitary vision. But of course, the entire game is given away in the next paragraph: Pope Francis, in the wake of the