of them are referenced in this article. The government must also bring in and empower them in propagating their for Islam. (P.S. Yes, there is an argument to be made that . But the debate over this belongs in another forum. And whatever the answer, it does not mean that the effort to empower Muslims who want to make the anti-jihadist Islamic vision possible should not be made.) 9. Ridicule the Enemy. Ridicule is a weapon. There is a in our culture’s sphere of comedy, especially in Hollywood and our media, with regard to the myriad ingredients of Sharia and Jihad that merit . Bill Maher, for whatever unappealing drawbacks he has in conservatives’ eyes, has set a bold standard in this respect in his Burka Fashion Show skit. American comedians need to start writing scripts that follow in Maher’s footsteps and Americans need to encourage and equip them to do so – and to also them from the attacks and they will inevitably receive from . We must never underestimate of comedy on of the world. Indeed, the of people, as they gaze at the of , poses a danger to like no other. Jamie Glazov holds a Ph.D. in History with a specialty in Russian, U.S. and Canadian foreign policy. He is the editor of Frontpagemag.com, the author of the critically-acclaimed, United in Hate: The Left’s Romance with Tyranny and Terror, and the host of the web-tv show, The Glazov Gang. His new book is Jihadist Psychopath: How He is Charming, Seducing, and Devouring Us. Visit his site at JamieGlazov.com, follow him on Twitter: @JamieGlazov, and reach him at [email protected] Google colluded with Clinton campaign with ‘’ While the establishment continues to push the notion that , more proof of real “collusion” between Google and the Hillary Clinton campaign has been uncovered. And Google likely violated federal election laws — not to mention the privacy of its users — in the services it provided the Clinton campaign. Fox News’ Tucker Carlson read an internal email on Monday night’s show that outlined in a Google’ executive’s own words how the company was providing ” to a group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations in key swing states. The email was sent by Eliana Murillo, the former head of Google’s multicultural marketing department. The email was forwarded to Google vice presidents and other staff members throughout the company, Carlson said. According to Carlson: In her email, Mario to boost Hispanic turnout in the election. She noticed that Latino voters did , especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona — the last of which she describes as “a key state for us.” to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election.” Murillo .” Unfortunately for Clinton and Google, as Murillo lamented, “…ultimately after all was said and done, the community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us. We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump. .” The assistance Google provided to the Clinton campaign likely violated election laws and served as an unreported in-kind contribution. Of course, anyone who paid attention was aware of Google’s attempts to interfere on Clinton’s behalf. WikiLeaks’ Julian Assange revealed two years ago that Google CEO Eric Schmidt and a number of Google employees created a company in 2015 specifically to place Clinton the White House. Emails obtained by WikiLeaks showed correspondence between Schmidt and Clinton, along with a number of Clinton operatives discussing strategy meetings and campaign ideas. Among the strategies was the creation of a voter tracking database using smart phones. A report by a research team earlier this year found that Google can manipulate opinions of undecided voters by inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate. Meanwhile, Trump took to Twitter early Tuesday morning to note the Department of Justice’s inaction over the fact that Peter Strzok and were engaged in a “media leak strategy” to plant negative stories which were then used to secure FISA warrants to spy on the Trump campaign. New Strzok-Page texts reveal “Media Leak Strategy.” @FoxNews So terrible, and at DOJ or FBI – but . — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2018 Google Was ‘Working To Get Hillary Clinton Elected’ Tucker Carlson just , after he read an internal email on Monday night’s show from a senior Google employee who admitted to using company resources to make ” to a liberal group that was creating ads and donating funds to bus Latinos to voting stations during the 2016 election in key swing states, in an effort to help Hillary Clinton win. The email was sent by the former head of Google’s multicultural marketing department, Eliana Mario, on November 9, 2016. “That email was subsequently forwarded by two Google VP’s to more staff members throughout the company,” says Carlson, adding “In her email, to boost Hispanic turnout in the election. She noticed that Latino voters , especially in states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona – the last of which she describes as “a key state for us.” that the company used its power to ensure that millions of people saw certain hashtags and social media impressions, with the goal of influencing their behavior during the election.” Elsewhere in the email Mario says “Google supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states .” Hillary the Other Woman Dolly Kyle Best Price: $3.06 Buy New $8.93 (as of 01:15 EDT - Details) She describes this assistance as ” Mario then says that Google helped Voto Latino create ad campaigns to promote those rides. Now officially Voto Latino is , but . Voto Latino is . Recently the group declared that .” They said they plan to respond to this by registering another million additional Hispanic voters in the next Presidential cycle. … It was, in effect, an in-kind contribution to the Hillary Clinton for President campaign. … In the end, Google was disappointed. As Mario herself conceded “ultimately after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us. We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump. . –Tucker Carlson Watch: ﻿ So it looks like @Google executives have been trying to throw the election to Hillary Clinton in 2016. ?https://t.co/1YELagt8hH — Andrew Surabian (@Surabees) September 11, 2018 This, of course, isn’t the first evidence of Google doing all they could to help Hillary win the election. In an April 15, 2014 email from Google’s then-Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt found in the WikiLeaked Podesta emails, titled “Notes for a 2016 Democratic Campaign,” Schmidt tells Cheryl Mills that “I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I have scheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better. This is simply a draft but do let me know if this is a helpful process for you all.” While there are numerous curious nuances in the plan, presented below in its entirety, the one section that caught our – and Wikileaks’ attention – is the following which implicitly suggests Google planned the creation of a voter tracking database, using smart phones: : Uncover... Edward Klein Best Price: $2.30 Buy New $3.99 (as of 12:05 EDT - Details) Key is the development of a single record for a voter that aggregates all that is known about them. In 2016 smart phones will be used to identify, meet, and update profiles on the voter. A dynamic volunteer can easily speak with a voter and, with their email or other digital handle, get the voter videos and other answers to areas they care about (“the benefits of ACA to you” etc.) As a reminder, in late October of 2016 it was revealed that just days prior to the April 15, 2014 email, Schmidt had sent another email in which he expressed his eagerness to “fund” the campaign efforts and wants to be a “head outside advisor.” In the email from John Podesta to Robby Mook we learned that: I met with Eric Schmidt tonight. As David reported, he’s ready to fund, advise recruit talent, etc. He was more deferential on structure than I expected. Wasn’t pushing to run through one of his existing firms. Clearly wants to be head outside advisor, but didn’t seem like he wanted to push others out. Clearly wants to get going. He’s still in DC tomorrow and would like to meet with you if you are in DC in the afternoon. I think it’s worth doing. You around? If you are, and want to meet with him, maybe the four of us can get on t Another email from February 2015 suggested that the Google Chairman remained active in its collaboration with the Clinton campaign: John Podesta wrote that Eric Schmidt met with HR “about the business he proposes to do with the campaign. He says he’s met with HRC” and adds that “FYI. They are donating the Google plane for the Africa trip” Meanwhile, , “By inserting negative search suggestions under the name of a candidate, search engines like Google can shift the opinions of undecided voters by up to 43.4 percent, according to new research by a team at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology and reported exclusively by Breitbart News.” The lead author of the study, Dr. Robert Epstein, has previously conducted research into what he calls the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME). This research showed that the manipulation of results pages in search engines can shift the voting preferences of undecideds by anywhere between 20 and 80 percent, depending on the demographic. His latest research looks at how search engines can affect voters by suggesting negative or positive search terms when a political candidate’s name is entered into the search bar. Dr. Epstein’s research found that when negative search terms are suggested for a candidate, it can have on voter opinion. –Breitbart So, despite Google’s best efforts to help Clinton win the election, it simply wasn’t enough. Meanwhile, : VS: Reprinted with permission from Zero Hedge. The Best of Tyler Durden ‘’: Corporate Emails Reveal Google Executives Tried to Turn Out Latino Voters Who They Thought Would Vote For Clinton Google, once again, has been implicated in a story about how social media executives and employees are using their platforms . This time? This time, an email chain has emerged showing senior company executives pressing for the company to sway Latino voters to back Hillary Clinton. take our poll - story continues below Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Specifically, one executive suggests paying for the rides of to get them to the polls — if they vote for Clinton, that is. First censorship, now this. ? From Breitbart: An email chain among senior Google executives from the day after the 2016 presidential election reveals the company tried to influence the 2016 United States presidential election on behalf of one candidate, Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton. In the emails, a Google executive describes efforts to pay for free rides for a certain sect of the population to the polls––and how these efforts were because she thought it would help Hillary Clinton win the general election in 2016. She also used the term “” to describe Google’s contribution to the effort to elect Clinton president. The main email, headlined, “Election results and the Latino vote,” was sent on Nov. 9, 2016—the day after Clinton’s loss to Trump in the 2016 presidential election—by Eliana Murillo, Google’s Multicultural Marketing department head. The four page email begins with Murillo claiming she and others at Google were engaged in not designed to help any one candidate or another—. The in the email, was that Latino voters backed Trump by higher margins than any experts had forecast in the lead-up to the election. Trump’s 29 percent among Hispanics nationally , and he hit even higher numbers—about 31 percent—in the key battleground state of Florida, Murillo admitted. Murillo wrote at the outset of the lengthy message: We worked very hard. Many people did. We pushed tp get out the Latino vote with our features, our partners, and our voices. We kept our Google efforts and followed our company’s protocols for the elections strategy. We emphasized our mission to give Latinos access to information so that they can make an informed decision at the polls, and we feel very grateful for all the support to do this important work. Latinos , particularly with early votes. A large percentage of Latino voters in Florida were new voters who had become citizens just in time to vote. We saw high traffic for the search queries ‘votar,’ ‘como votar,’ and ‘donde voter,’ in key states like Florida and Nevada. We will be pulling in more info in the coming hours/days but so far we definitely know there was high traffic on search in Spanish. Without translating our tools the users wouldn’t have found the information they needed. Objectively speaking, our goal was met — we pushed and successfully launched the search features in Spanish, and we thank Lisa for her support in advocating for this work. I sent Philipp a note yesterday to thank him because he and others voiced their support for this too, and we greatly appreciate it. Even Sundar gave the effort a shout out and a comment in Spanish, which was really special. “Sundar” presumably refers to Google’s chief executive officer Sundar Pichai, who took the reins of the massive search giant in October 2015. “Lisa” presumably refers to Lisa Gevelber, the vice president of Global Marketing for Google—who forwarded Murillo’s entire four-page email to several other Google executives in another chain also obtained by Breitbart News in which Gevelber praises Murillo’s activities with official company resources as having made a “great difference.” “Philipp” presumably refers to Philipp Schindler, a senior vice president and Google’s chief business officer per his LinkedIn page. The emails were first revealed on Fox News on Monday evening on Tucker Carlson Tonight by anchor Tucker Carlson in a special report. Breitbart News also obtained them, and has reached out to Google with a number of questions about the emails. Carlson, in his exclusive report on Fox News Monday night, compared the revelations in the Google emails to the probe of Russian interference in the U.S. election to Special Counsel Robert Mueller—raising the question about how much influence tech giants like Google and Facebook have on election outcomes in the United States. .” Epstein has published research detailing how Google could influence the results of U.S. elections. Breitbart News has exclusively published several of Epstein’s reports, including a recent one showing that Google search manipulation can swing . In his report on Monday night, Carlson then described the emails he obtained, which Breitbart News also obtained. Carlson said: This wasn’t a or whatever they say. It wasn’t aimed at all potential voters. It wasn’t even aimed at a balanced cross-section of subgroups. Google didn’t try to get out the vote among say Christian Arabs in Michigan or say Persian Jews in Los Angeles—they sometimes vote Republican. It was aimed only at one group, a group that Google would vote exclusively for the Democratic Party. Furthermore, this mobilization effort targeted not only the entire country but swing states vital to the Hillary campaign. This was not an exercise in civics, this was political consulting. It was in effect an in-kind contribution to the Hillary Clinton campaign.” Carlson noted that in communication with Google, the company “did not deny that the email was real or that it showed a clear political preference.” “Their only defense was that the activities they described were either or were not officially taken by the company,” Carlson said Monday night, describing Google’s official response to his requests for comment, before challenging the company’s response: “. Plenty of people in Google knew what was going on and we haven’t seen any evidence anyone at Google disapproved of it and .” The email from Murillo continues by explaining just how expansive the efforts the company undertook to achieve its objective were: We had our partners help spread the word about our features on social media, including YouTubers and influencers like Dulce Candy, Jorge Narvaez, Jessie y Joy, Barbara Bermudo, and Pamela Silva of Univision, Jackie Cruz aka La Flaca from Orange is the New Black, and more. We promoted our partner and leveraged ’ reach to hit over 11M impressions with that hashtag. We hosted an event with over 200 people and a hangout with about the power of the Latino vote and the new research Nielsen published about the Latino electorate. This reached 4.4M social media impressions and signaled to many that Google and our partners value the Latino community and our role in this election. We brought the same research to the LATISM conference, where people were to see Google’s support and acknowledgment of the Latino community. If Murillo had ended her email there, this probably would not amount to the level of a national news story. But she did not: She went on for another several paragraphs on the first page and an extra three pages to admit , including a remarkable in-writing confirmation that at least one of Google’s actions amounted to ”—something that could raise Federal Election Commission (FEC) red flags if authorities decide to launch an official investigation into this matter, now that these emails have been publicly revealed. It is in the next paragraph that Murillo openly admits that Google made ,” in her words, paying for rides to polls via Voto Latino. Murillo wrote in the next paragraph: We also supported partners like Voto Latino to pay for rides to the polls in key states (). We even helped them create ad campaigns to promote the rides (with support from HOLA folks who rallied and volunteered their time to help). We supported Voto Latino to help them land an interview with Senator Meza of Arizona (key state for us) to talk about the election and how to use Google search to find information about how to vote. They were a strong partner, among many in this effort. The next paragraph is where Murillo begins to make her next major admission: that the effort was not just to increase voter turnout generally but to elect Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. “Ultimately, after all was said and done, the Latino community did come out to vote, and completely surprised us,” Murillo wrote. “We never anticipated that 29% of Latinos would vote for Trump. . We saw headlines like this about early voter turn out and thought that .” On the next page, the email continues with a headline from an article in The Atlantic by James Fallows: “2016: The Year Latinos Saved America?” Under that was a tweet from Jon Ralston of Ralston Reports in Nevada saying, among other things, that “”