Pompeo offers defense for Saudi rulers as Trump administration strategy shifts in Khashoggi case WASHINGTON — Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo expressed confidence Wednesday that the Saudi government could be trusted to investigate the disappearance and suspected murder of a U.S.-based Saudi journalist in a Saudi diplomatic facility in Turkey — despite the likelihood that senior Saudi officials were involved. Speaking in Ankara, Turkey, Pompeo offered that support hours after President Donald Trump had mounted an even stronger defense for the Saudi rulers, saying, “Here we go again with you’re guilty until proven innocent.” Together they appeared to signal a shift in White House strategy — earlier this week Trump had warned Saudi rulers could face “ punishment” — and suggested the administration has decided to help its most important ally in the Arab world defuse an international crisis over the fate of Jamal Khashoggi. The dissident journalist, who lived in Virginia, vanished Oct. 2 after he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey. Neither Trump nor his top diplomat offered any new facts or insights in the case. But unless authorities recover his body or other conclusive evidence of his death, the mystery may remain unsolved. Pompeo wrapped up two days of emergency talks in the region — first with Saudi King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh, and then with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Ankara — and headed back to Washington on Wednesday. Turkish officials have described — but have not released — what they say are audio and video recordings that show the 60-year-old contributor to the Washington Post opinion pages was interrogated, by Saudi intelligence officers inside the consulate. Turkish officials say Khashoggi’s , then taken out of the building. Turkish crime scene investigators and forensic specialists were allowed to search for evidence in the Saudi consulate and a nearby residence on Tuesday. Erdogan later complained that the interior walls had been repainted in recent days. On his flight from Riyadh to Ankara, . He said Saudi leaders made a commitment “to hold anyone connected to any wrongdoing that may be found accountable for that, whether they are a senior officer or official.” He said they made “no exceptions,” including presumably members of the royal family. Asked if the Saudis had informed him whether Khashoggi was alive or dead, Pompeo said, “I don’t want to talk about any of the facts. They didn’t want to either, in that they want to have the opportunity to complete this investigation in a thorough way.” Asked if he believed the Saudi rulers’ repeated denial of complicity, Pompeo said he was reserving judgment. “I think that’s — I think that’s — I think that’s a reasonable thing to do, to give them that opportunity,” Pompeo said, “(and then) we’ll all get to evaluate the work that they do.” Pompeo refused to discuss possible consequences for those found responsible for Khashoggi’s disappearance, reiterating at least three times the “importance of the investigation.” Later Wednesday, Pompeo said during a refueling stopover in Brussels that Erdogan had informed him the Saudis were cooperating with the Turkish investigation “after a couple of delays.” Turkish officials “seemed pretty confident the Saudis will permit them to do things they need to do to complete” the investigation, Pompeo told reporters traveling with him. In a sign that the administration is looking to help Saudi Arabia get out of its dilemma, Pompeo urged Americans to be mindful of the extensive energy, economic and security ties between Riyadh and Washington, including efforts against what he called the world’s largest supporter of terrorism, Iran. “The Saudis have been in working alongside us on these issues,” Pompeo said. “We need to make sure we are mindful of that as we approach decisions” on whether to impose sanctions or take other punitive steps against Riyadh, as many in Congress and elsewhere have urged. Critics questioned whether the Saudi rulers, who preside over an authoritarian regime that allows little opposition, can be relied on to conduct a credible probe into Khashoggi’s fate — especially without decisive pressure from their close ally, the Trump administration. Saudi leaders for two weeks denied knowing anything about the Khashoggi case. On Monday, they began floating a scenario — initially adopted by Trump — that blamed the murder inside the consulate on “rogue killers,” and then suggested the writer was accidentally killed during an interrogation that went awry. Analysts familiar with the desert kingdom said it was likely Saudi leaders were hoping the scandal would blow over and that they could wait it out. “We received commitments that they would complete this (investigation), and I am counting on them to do that,” Pompeo said. “They gave me their word.” — Tracy Wilkinson Los Angeles Times ——— ©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Trump threatens military closure at US border to stop migrants Personal Liberty Poll Exercise your right to vote. President Donald Trump said he’ll mobilize the U.S. military to close the border with Mexico to stop by a caravan of migrants from Central America, according to a report by Bloomberg.com. Trump, who ran in 2016 promising to tighten U.S. immigration laws and stanch the inflow of undocumented migrants, has called for cutting off foreign aid to Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador if they don’t stop the migrants. He claimed Thursday — without providing evidence — that Democrats are backing the human movement to bolster their case for “open borders and existing weak laws.” “In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in of terms, ask Mexico to stop this — and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE ” Trump said on Twitter. Days ago the president threatened to withhold American aid from Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador if the flow of immigrants wasn’t stopped. This prompted the Honduran Foreign Ministry to urge its citizens not to join the group, according to Reuters. Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernandez said in a public address on Tuesday evening some Hondurans in the caravan had already returned home and the government was preparing to support them. He did not specify how many had turned back. Still, the caravan had grown to about 4,000 people today. NBC News reported that many of those in the caravan are unaccompanied children. Mexico is said to have deployed 500 additional federal police to its border with Guatemala in anticipation of the caravan’s arrival. On Wednesday, Congressman Matt Gaeetz said video footage shows Honduran women and children were being given cash to join the caravan. In first public rebuke by the White House, Mnuchin pulls out of Saudi investment conference to protest Khashoggi case WASHINGTON — Treasury Secretary Steven T. Mnuchin said Thursday he was pulling out of a major Saudi investment conference, known as Davos in the Desert, in the first public rebuke by the White House of the Saudi regime over the disappearance and suspected murder of a dissident Saudi journalist who lived in Virginia. Trade and finance ministers from Britain, France, Holland and other countries, the head of the International Monetary Fund, as well as CEOs of multiple major companies already had withdrawn in protest, and Mnuchin was under growing pressure to add his name to the list. Mnuchin tweeted the decision after meeting with President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Michael R. Pompeo at the White House. Pompeo later told reporters that he had urged the president to give the Saudi government “a few more days” to explain what happened to Jamal Khashoggi, who vanished after he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, on Oct. 2. Turkish authorities and media have said audio recordings show that Khashoggi was inside the consulate, although the recordings have not been released. Khashoggi wrote opinion columns for the Washington Post critical of the Saudi royal family. Saudi King Salman and his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the country’s de facto ruler, have denied to both Trump and Pompeo any knowledge of the alleged murder or having ordered it. Pompeo returned Wednesday night from meetings with Saudi and Turkish leaders in Riyadh and Ankara and went to the White House Thursday morning to brief Trump, who has come under mounting pressure from Congress and rights groups to punish Saudi Arabia. Pompeo said the Saudis “understand the serious nature” of Khashoggi’s disappearance, and would conduct a thorough and “timely” investigation. Their findings, Pompeo said, “will be transparent for everyone to see, to ask questions about, to inquire with respect to its thoroughness.” He said he told the president “that we ought to give them a few more days to complete that so that we too have a complete understanding of the facts” before making decisions on how the U.S. should respond. Turkey is conducting its own probe, and Pompeo said those results will also be taken into consideration. He again stressed the importance of Saudi Arabia as a strategic ally, in a relationship, he noted, that dates back more than 80 years. The administration’s reluctance to condemn the Saudi government has fueled criticism from Democrats and Republicans in Congress, from diplomats and from even some corporations that long have profited from close relations with the Saudi royal family. “We just are going to allow the process to move forward, allow the facts to unfold,” Pompeo said. “And as they unfold, as we make a determination for ourselves about what happened there, based on the facts that are presented to us, will determine what the appropriate response might be.” — Tracy Wilkinson Los Angeles Times ——— ©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. As Honduran Caravan Reaches The Border, Trump Threatens To Send In The Military President Donald Trump has threatened to send the military to the United States’ southern border with Mexico to stop a caravan of illegal immigrants coming from Honduras. As of now, the migrant caravan has grown in size to over 4,000 people. “I must, in of terms, ask Mexico to stop this – and Trump wrote of the caravan in a series of tweets on Twitter. ….In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 According to Breitbart, the caravan of migrants that began in Honduras has grown to several thousand people after passing into Guatemala as it heads for the Mexican border. Other Hondurans are leaving the country to join the caravan of illegal immigrants attempting to illegally enter the United States against president Trump’s wishes. I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on our country by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, , from entering Mexico to U.S….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 Trump also threatened to stop all federal foreign aid payments to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador if the countries failed to block the flow of illegal immigrants and blamed Democrats for rejecting a reform of immigration laws allowing them to claim asylum. He also claimed that the caravan included criminals. Trump appeared willing to end his new trade deal with Mexico as well if the caravan was not stopped. ….The on at , including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 According to NBC News, the caravan has increased in size to over 4,000. The media outlet also reported that the Mexican government has sent 500 additional federal police to its border with Guatemala in anticipation of their arrival, according to U.S. government documents obtained by NBC News. Part of the caravan, which has split into two groups, is approaching the Mexico-Guatemala border amid a surge in border crossings on the U.S.-Mexico border. In September, U.S. Border Patrol agents apprehended more than 41,400 undocumented immigrants, up from 37,544 in August, according to numbers not yet released publicly but obtained by NBC News. The Washington Post reported Wednesday that the numbers of families and children traveling on their own surged to record levels in September. Trump Threatens To Send Military To Block Honduran Migrant Caravan This is the second time a caravan of migrants have gotten together and seem intent on pushing towards and across the US/Mexico border. As a result of the news, President Donald Trump has threatened to send the military to the border to block them. Reuters reports on the caravan. More Honduran migrants tried to join a caravan of several thousand trekking through Guatemala on Wednesday, defying calls by authorities not to make the journey after U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to cut off regional aid in reprisal. The caravan has been growing steadily since it left the Honduran city of San Pedro Sula on Saturday. The migrants hope to reach Mexico and then cross its northern border with the United States, to seek refuge from and poverty in Central America. Several thousand people are now part of the caravan, according to a Reuters witness traveling with the group in Guatemala, where men women and children on foot and riding in trucks filled a road on their long journey to Mexico. In a series of tweets on Thursday, President Trump said the right things. I am watching the Democrat Party led (because they want Open Borders and existing weak laws) assault on by Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, whose leaders are doing little to stop this large flow of people, , from entering Mexico to U.S..... take our poll - story continues below Will the Democrats try to impeach President Trump now that they control the House? Will the Democrats try to impeach President Trump now that they control the House? Will the Democrats try to impeach President Trump now that they control the House? * Yes, they will try. No, they won't try. If they do, they'll regret it in 2020. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 ....In addition to stopping all payments to these countries, which seem to have almost no control over their population, I must, in of terms, ask Mexico to stop this - and !.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 ....The on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA. Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border. All Democrats fault for weak laws! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2018 “I must, in the strongest of terms, ask Mexico to stop this onslaught – and if unable to do so I will call up the U.S. Military and CLOSE OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!” Trump wrote on Twitter. “Hopefully Mexico will stop this onslaught at their Northern Border,” he added. “All Democrats fault for weak laws!” Not only did Trump threaten to send the military to the border, but he also threatened to stop all federal payments to Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador if they didn't block the caravan. The obvious question I have is: Why are you not stopping those payments now, Mr. President? They are and neither Congress nor you have the authority to give money to these countries. Trump also seemed ready to back out on his new trade deal, which is hardly a deal for the US, with Mexico if they failed to stop the caravan. He then pointed out that many who cross the border are criminals and are . In fact, every single migrant who crosses over into our country will more than likely commit at least 28 crimes in order to present themselves as legal. “The assault on our country at our Southern Border, including the Criminal elements and DRUGS pouring in, is far more important to me, as President, than Trade or the USMCA,” he wrote. The USMCA is a and should be done away with without this threat of a caravan of migrants. We'll see if these countries stop the migrants or if it continues to the border. If they make it here and Trump does nothing but arrest them and put them through the system rather than simply turning them away, then you know the words are empty and hollow. Time will tell what will take place. Nimesh Patel Stand-Up Routine Cut Short Due To Uncomfortable Jokes Nimesh Patel, a comedian known for being the first Indian-American writer for Saturday Night Live, had his stand-up routine at cultureSHOCK cut short earlier tonight due to uncomfortable jokes. cultureSHOCK, an event hosted by the Asian American Alliance, is a charity performance showcase that aims to provide a space to celebrate Asian American expression. Patel was one of the main events promoted beforehand. However, his jokes quickly progressed to uncomfortable territory, including one about a gay black man who lives in his neighborhood and how “[I]t made me realize that being gay is definitely not a choice .” The tension in the room increased as Patel told more jokes in this vein until organizers of the event went up on stage to stop him, citing a change in program plans. Patel questioned why this was happening. The organizers replied that the person in charge of tech had to leave early, but Patel continued to claim that he was being cut off because the audience didn’t like his jokes. At one point, one organizer told Patel he was being disrespectful. When asked for closing remarks, Patel responded: “,” and called the organizers incorrect in ending his set. He tried to continue speaking until his mic was cut. We have reached out to the Asian American Alliance for comment and were told that their board is not yet prepared to release a statement. We will update this post if such a statement is forthcoming. Image via Columbia University Asian American Alliance Tags: breaking, columbia university asian american alliance, cultureSHOCK, nimesh patel Student organizers boot SNL writer from stage during standup routine for jokes deemed offensive Saturday Night Live writer and comedian Nimesh Patel was pulled from the stage by event organizers after telling jokes that were criticized as racist and homophobic during his performance at cultureSHOCK: Reclaim, an event held by Columbia Asian American Alliance on Friday night. Patel, 32, was the first Indian-American writer for SNL, and has since been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing. Patel has previously performed on Late Night with Seth