Meyers and opened for comedians such as Chris Rock. During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate. Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “.’” About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks. Compared to his other jokes, ones specifically targeting sexual orientation audibly receive less laughter from the crowd. Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, , and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world.” Before he could finish, Patel’s microphone was cut from off-stage, and he proceeded to leave. cultureSHOCK, an annual charity showcase featuring a fashion show, productions by various student groups and a famous performer, aims to provide a platform for Asian American artistic expression and breakthrough harmful stereotypes. Neither Patel and nor AAA could immediately be reached for comment. Adam Warren, CC ‘22, was in the audience Friday night. Warren said that AAA made the right decision to remove Patel from the stage due to the nature of his jokes, which contradicted the sensitive nature of the event itself. “,” Warren said. However, audience member Elle Ferguson, BC ‘22, said that while comedians can push the boundaries of social culture, she had heard similar jokes before and did not find them offensive. “While what some of the things that he said might have been a bit provoking to some of the audience, as someone who watches comedy a lot, none of them were jokes that I hadn’t heard before and none of them were jokes that elicited such a response in my experience,” Ferguson said. “[AAA] should have talked to him beforehand especially because comedy is known for being ground-breaking and for pushing boundaries.” For Sofia Jao, BC ‘22, problems with the performance resided not in the set, but with Patel’s closing remarks. “I really dislike when people who are older say that our generation needs to be exposed to the real world. Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,” said Jao. “When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer.” Don Lemon Is Lying... Again: Biggest Threat Isn't "White Men" - The FBI's Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists Are These People “So, we have to stop and realize , most of them radicalized to the right. And we have to start doing something about them. There is no travel ban on them. There is no ban on — they had the Muslim ban. There is no white guy ban. So, what do we do about that?” –Don Lemon Just to illustrate of Don Lemon’s comments, I to go look at the current list of the FBI’s most wanted terrorists. Below is the list of “domestic” terrorists and, regardless of the list/filter you choose, you won’t find many “”. Interestingly enough, it looks like the WOMEN in this country are currently responsible for more terrorism than WHITE MEN. Mr. Lemon, you are very wrong. Below are the 14 profiles currently listed as the “Most Wanted Domestic Terrorists” take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 5 women. 3 Hispanic men. 3 black men (one with an Arabic/possibly Islamic surname), and 3 white guys. 14 total and only 3 white men? Is Don Lemon colorblind? Is the FBI racist (and maybe a bit sexist)? . Go to https://www.fbi.gov/wanted/terrorism and see for yourself. No matter which category you choose, you won’t be finding many white men. Article posted with permission from Dean Garrison CNN's Don Lemon Contradicts Himself In Just One Sentence: "We Have to ... White Men, Most Of Them Radicalized" ! However, it comes as no surprise from a hypocrite who works for a hypocritical, lying, fake news outlet like CNN. Don Lemon wanted to defend the "peaceful" migrants who are headed toward the US border to illegally enter the country against our immigration laws, but said that the "biggest terror threat in this country is white men, most of them radicalized to the right." ? In discussing the arrival of these migrants who obviously , busted through customs gates, and pushed at the Mexican border while committing all sorts of crimes against many they come in contact with along the way, Lemon said what is clearly not only racist but . ".” take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. He then said people need to stop thinking these people are a threat. “I keep trying to point out to people not any one group or any one ethnicity, but we keep thinking is something else,” Lemon said. No one is an ethnicity but Don Lemon. He is the one white men. How's that for hypocrisy? He's a useful idiot, propagandist snowflake. the ideology behind Islamic jihad is not an ethnic issue. It's an ideological one that spans cultures, just like Don Lemon's and Chris Cuomo's statism. those intent on violating the law and have demonstrated that they are doing it along the way and declaring that we will not allow such persons across our border is simply common sense, but you won't get common sense on CNN. . ! Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard Undercover Video: Andrew Gillum Staffer: “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” Andrew Gillum may have just been by a member of his own staff. Not that his racist, anti-semite claims against his opponent weren't enough, one of his staffers has been caught in an undercover video saying, “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen” and that is to be kept confidential from the public. In a new undercover video from Project Veritas, Omar Smith, who is a staffer for Gillum and claims to have also attended college with him, said that if Gillum is elected “None of the programs that people are hoping for would happen.” take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. When asked whether that would be important for voters to know that or not, Smith said, “.” Of course, anyone following what Gillum has been promoting knows he isn't planning on delivering just like many politicians. “So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right?” said Smith. “Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent. That will never happen. Raise teacher’s pay to $50,000, that will never happen. Give me another position. Medicare for all, that will never happen.” What's even more amazing, but not surprising, is that Gillum has claimed that his opponent is a racist, but the video demonstrates , which one can then conclude that Gillum knows about Smith's racism and keeps him on staff anyway. “,” said Smith. “.” Smith also stated that the campaign has “.” It gets worse though. Smith says that Gillum .” NEW: The honesty of Gillum's campaign staff on undercover video is refreshing, especially when it comes to who the real Andrew Gillum is. While trying to appear as a moderate, "Gillum is a Progressive" and "He is a part of the ." FULL: https://t.co/G0V1HlyAlz pic.twitter.com/YDWifuIDWv — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018 OK, we know that, but if that is true, what sort of is Smith? A pretty big one if you ask me. . WATCH: Gillum Campaign Staff on gun control "I don't think he can say it [be]cause he's trying to get the moderates" ... "three day waiting period for everybody," "small steps" to ban assault rifles pic.twitter.com/nIwAUvz2YR — PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) November 1, 2018 “I do think he’s not saying specifically, like, I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ARs, only because he’s running a race right now,” said Adrian Young, who serves as the Community Engagement Specialist for the Florida Democratic Party. “I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson … But I don’t think he can say it, just cause he’s trying to get the moderates and the gun-toting people in North Florida.” In October, Project Veritas exposed the corruption of Claire McCaskill's campaign. Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard Hillary After Mixing Up Cory Booker & Eric Holder: "They All Look The Same" So, you were actually asking yourself who the real people are who engage in identity politics and viewing people with different skin colors or ethnic backgrounds as inferior people? Well, this didn't come from President Donald Trump. Nope, Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton mixed up Senator Cory Booker and former Attorney General Eric Holder and blew it off with a joke saying, "They all look the same." Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher over the weekend to talk propaganda against her conservative political opponents and in the past few months. “What’s often called political correctness is politeness,” Clinton said. “It’s not being rude and insulting to people. It’s respecting the diversity that we have in our society." take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. “The Democratic Party is a much more diverse political party, attracting people who are African-American, Latino, LGBT, whatever the reason why people feel more comfortable where they are taken in, where they are included as part of a political movement or party” she added. “And I don’t think it’s politically correct to say we value that," she concluded. "And I don’t want to go around insulting people. I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – .” Right, except she does just that and so do many in her party. However, in less than a minute she would insult both Booker and Holder, . Swisher asked her, "What do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘,’ essentially?" Of course, Swisher meant Eric Holder and Clinton corrected her, adding, “Yeah, I know they all look alike." is that the audience laughed hysterically. Can you imagine if a conservative person uttered those comments? There would be a near lynching of them on the spot and surely for days to come. They might lose their livelihood and get death threats, but not ". . The only thing the two of them have in common is that they are criminals and have black skin. Clinton's comments were clearly racist, and those fawning over her during the interview laughed it up right along with her. Here, take a look! that she continues to move and speak freely in this country with no justice being brought to bear on her for her many crimes, something we were promised from then-candidate Trump. Trump: "If You Don't Want To Be Saying The Words 'Speaker Pelosi'... Go Out & Vote" Obviously, President Donald Trump is encouraging people to go out and vote against Democrats, which everyone should do. At a rally of 8,500 in Indiana on Friday, . “If you don’t want to be saying the words ‘Speaker Pelosi’ for the next two years, you gotta go out and vote,” Trump said as he stumped for congressional candidates Greg Pence and Jim Bair. Trump also encouraged the crowd to vote for Mike Braun for US Senate. take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Trump praised Braun as a man who didn't need the position and is not a career politician. Just like his promotion of voting for Republicans in the House would lead to defeating Democrats and keep the words "" off our lips, Trump also said that a vote for Braun's opponent, incumbent Democrat Sen. Joe Donnelly, would lead to Senator Chuck Schumer (D-NY) becoming the Senate Majority leader should the Democrats regain control of the Senate. The president also pointed out that Donnelly had opposed tax cuts and joined with his fellow Democrats in attacking and voting against Justice Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation to the Supreme Court. "The people of Indiana do not have a one-week memory,” said Trump. “That was a disgrace what we watched up there." Additionally, Trump said that Donnelly voted to provide free health care to illegal aliens and sponsored Senator Dianne Feinstein's (D-CA) "Open Borders Bill." While some don't believe that and attacks on conservatives on social media and in search engine results , both Democrat and Republican. We're just days away from seeing how things turn out. There's a part of me that thinks this may actually turn out to be one of the biggest turnouts for a mid-term election that we've ever seen, but . On Tuesday, we'll know for sure. I don't know about you, but I didn't actually like hearing the words "Speaker Paul Ryan." I certainly don't want to hear "Speaker Pelosi," again. Kamala Harris & Elizabeth Warren Have Ethics Complaint Filed Against Them In Senate The faces of the criminal Democrat Party, at least two of them, have now had an ethics complaint filed against them in the US Senate, . Senators Kamala Harris, who basically said that Judge Brett Kavanaugh was guilty because she believed Christine Blasey Ford's unsubstantiated and uncorroborated accusations against him, and Elizabeth Warren, also known as "Fauxahontas," are the two members of the Senate who will be investigated. Looks like when you are so gung ho to go after someone based on 36-year-old allegations in which there are no witnesses and no evidence, it will eventually come back to . Both Harris and Warren stand accused of breaking fundraising rules by sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh. take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. The Washington Times reports: A watchdog group filed a Senate ethics complaint Monday against Sens. Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren for sending out fundraising emails asking for donations to support their votes against Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh — even before they cast their votes against him. While voting and then asking supporters to back that decision with cash is common, the watchdog group, the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust (FACT), says asking for money ahead of time crosses the line into vote-buying. FACT asked the Senate ethics committee to probe fundraising emails sent by Ms. Warren, Massachusetts Democrat, and Ms. Harris, California Democrat. Ms. Warren’s email said she was demanding a delay on the judge’s confirmation vote and asked for donations for her 2018 election campaign, while Ms. Harris’s emails detailed several of her actions as a member of the Judiciary Committee, including her questioning of the president’s pick for the high court, and asking for contributions. ? “. Of course, but like most of these kinds of violations, the only thing that might actually occur here is censure, and that is highly unlikely in the current climate. However, voters should be aware of the unethical practice of both of these senators. While Harris is not up for re-election this year, Warren is. Pro-Sharia Democrat Congressional Candidate Ilhan Omar Defends Tweet On “” Retailing these poisonous lies ought to hurt her chances for