to what extent he was manipulated into choosing him. We have plenty of evidence that , and that Kavanaugh is a good fit for Trump’s biases: The judge has Ivy League credentials and he passes Trump’s by looking the part. 1 Either way, Kavanaugh was a poor choice from the point of view of good presidenting. The judge was certain to be a highly controversial selection from the start. After all, he had been a highly controversial selection for his current circuit court seat, eventually getting confirmed with only four Democratic votes after a long delay. Kavanaugh is a longtime Republican operative, a hard-liner during both the Vince Foster and Monica Lewinsky investigations. Nominating him, rather than a conservative with similar views but a different background, was bound to stir up trouble. It was also true, as Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reportedly warned, that normal disclosure of Kavanaugh’s record, especially his service during the George W. Bush administration, was going to delay confirmation even more. Senate Republicans dealt with that problem by deciding to not bother with any Kavanaugh documents that couldn’t be produced rapidly, which further riled up the Democrats and gave that party some good talking points. 2 Sometimes it’s worth taking risks. Presidents who shy away from anything that’s not a sure thing can fail to exploit opportunities. It’s just very hard to see any upside for Trump in choosing Kavanaugh instead of a safer, but still very conservative, other option. 3 When serious charges of sexual misconduct were raised against Kavanaugh, Trump decided to stick with him instead of moving on to another candidate. It’s still not clear that Kavanaugh’s nomination is doomed, but it’s certainly in . Losing a high-profile fight is always going to hurt a president, which is why they should take care to avoid high-risk, low-reward conflicts. But there’s an art to minimizing damage. And . For one thing, the president has made this an by stringing out the process as the accusations against Kavanaugh gained credibility and even multiplied. Whether that matters in terms of public opinion for Trump is unclear, but it certainly isn’t good for any Republican senators caught up in the middle, along with any other candidates who have had to weigh in only to find the facts as they knew them constantly changing. It’s also the case that the more negative information comes out, the more it appears that the in vetting and managing Kavanaugh. If the nomination had been pulled right after Christine Blasey Ford made her initial assertions about Kavanaugh, the public might have concluded that it wasn’t Trump’s fault that a previously unaired accusation came to light. Meanwhile, Trump’s behavior has been as erratic as ever. First he said that Brasey had to be heard; then he attacked her in terms that were who have been assaulted without immediately reporting it to the police, and he also blamed the Senate for not voting before she came forward. He sometimes praises Kavanaugh, but also let it be known that he thought the nominee had performed badly in his Fox News interview. The White House demanded a final up and down vote on Tuesday; by Wednesday, he was saying that the nomination would die if Kavanaugh didn’t do well before the Judiciary Committee on Thursday. The sum of all this has been, as in many other episodes, that Trump and his White House are and that he’s eager to blame his allies and lash out at his enemies in when things go wrong. A botched nomination matters because allies will be less likely to trust Trump, not just on Supreme Court choices, but on any initiative. And, for that matter, they’ll be less likely to trust him when he asserts that there’s nothing remaining for Special Counsel Robert Mueller to reveal. Trump’s professional reputation is already terrible, but everything counts. . Trump is hurting himself right now, and will have hurt himself more if Kavanaugh is not confirmed. And yes, I call it the quite deliberately. It's no surprise that , which seems to be based on , would wind up with fewer women in his administration than any of his recent predecessors. I've argued that too much disclosure is required, and that Democrats (and any wavering Republicans) had more than enough information to make up their mind. I still think that's true. But it did leave Republicans vulnerable to claims about transparency which were likely to be popular -- most people, and the entire press corps, love transparency -- and vulnerable to in the documentary record which hadn't been initially disclosed. In the event, that's not what's causing the trouble, but still it's an example of Trump taking needless risks. Some have speculated that Kavanaugh would be especially likely to rule in Trump's favor if any cases stemming from the Robert Mueller investigation wind up at the high court. Perhaps. There are plenty of other , and plenty of conservative judges who lean towards an expansive view of presidential powers. And if Kavanaugh is really an outlier on that issue, then he won't be in the majority on any future decision anyway. So, no, I don't think there's any good reason to think Kavanaugh would be especially helpful to Trump compared to others he could have selected. Domestic abuse allegations against Keith Ellison cannot be substantiated, Dems' lawyer says A lawyer hired by Minnesota Democrats says she is unable to substantiate the accusations of domestic abuse against Rep. Keith Ellison because the lawmaker’s ex-girlfriend refused to provide video of the incident - but the findings are still being turned over to law enforcement. The Associated Press on Monday reported that it obtained a draft of a report written by Susan Ellingstad, a lawyer hired by Minnesota's Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party to investigate the claim against Ellison. "The investigation report, which was released today without our knowledge by someone outside of our organization, was unable to substantiate the claim of physical abuse made by Ms. Monahan,” DFL Chairman Ken Martin said in a statement. Martin said they planned to turn over the report to local law enforcement. “For the purpose of objectivity and getting all of the facts regarding these allegations, we have decided to forward the information in the investigation to local authorities in order to let them review the contents and determine whether further investigation is warranted,” Martin said. The Democratic congressman, who serves as deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee, has denied the allegations. In a statement, Ellison thanked Ellingstad for conducting a "thorough, independent, and fair review." "I believe women who come forward must be heard, and to have their allegations fully investigated," Ellison said. "This is why I have complied with this investigation fully, and will do so with any other inquiries. ... At this time, I will be focusing on the issues of this important election." Ellison’s ex-girlfriend, Karen Monahan, alleged in August that Ellison dragged her off a bed by her feet while screaming obscenities at her in 2016. Monahan said she had video footage of the incident and levied the allegation just days ahead of a crowded Democratic primary for Minnesota attorney general that Ellison went on to win. The state's Democratic party launched an investigation into the claim, retaining a local attorney with links to the state party to determine whether the alleged incident took place. Democratic party chairman Ken Martin said last week he expected the investigation to conclude soon. A draft report obtained by the AP noted Monahan's shifting rationale for refusing to produce the video footage, including that it was lost, was on a USB drive in storage and would be too embarrassing and traumatic to release it. The Ellison accusations have put Democrats in an uncomfortable position, as they speak out on sexual misconduct claims against Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh. Kavanaugh denies the accusations. Monahan slammed the Democratic Party for its response to her allegations when compared to its treatment of Christine Blasey Ford. Ford has accused Kavanaugh of attempting to force himself onto her during a high school party nearly four decades ago. Many prominent Democrats have supported Ford’s allegations. “No, they don't,” Monahan tweeted in response to a question of whether the party believes women’s stories. “I've been smeared, threatened, isolated from my own party. I provided medical records from 2017, stating on two different Dr. Visits, I told them about the abuse and who did it. My therapist released records stating I have been dealing and healing from the abuse.” She added: “Four people, including my supervisor at the time, stated that I came to them after and shared the exact story I shared publicly, I shared multiple text between me and Keith, where I discuss the abuse with him and much more. As I said before, I knew I wouldn't be believed.” Many other Democrats and progressives – who largely stayed silent after the accusations against Ellison emerged – came out in support of Ford, including Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Tom Perez, chairman of the DNC, who urged to investigate the claims and Kavanaugh. Monahan went to reiterate that her story has nothing to do with politics. “I have nothing to prove to anyone, I simply shared my story. People can believe it or not. I don’t need anyone to affirm my humanity, I affirmed it,” she wrote in another tweet. “The fact that both parties only care if it scores political points is ,” she added. “Do you think a person who has dealt with any form of abuse by politicians is thinking about politics? No, we & are families are trying to heal.” to prep Russia probe files for release after sweeping Trump order Intelligence agencies Tuesday to comply with a sweeping order by President Trump to declassify key documents that could shed light on the origins of the Russia collusion probe that . The documents Trump ordered declassified involve a renewed Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant against former campaign aide Carter Page and text messages from Peter Strzok and Lisa Page. The president on Monday afternoon ordered that the documents be released by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) and the Justice Department “[a]t the request of a number of committees of Congress, and for reasons of transparency,” according to a statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders. It is not immediately clear how and when the documents will be released, but by Monday evening, intelligence agencies said they had already begun working to prepare the documents. “When the President issues such an order, it triggers a declassification review process that is conducted by various agencies within the intelligence community, in conjunction with the White House Counsel, to seek to ensure the safety of America’s national security interests,” a Justice Department spokesperson said in a statement to Fox News. “The Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are already working with the Director of National Intelligence to comply with the President’s order.” ODNI spokeswoman Kellie Wade also said that the agency was “working expeditiously with our interagency partners to conduct a declassification review of the documents the President has identified for declassification.” The documents include all FBI reports on interviews, also known as 302s, with Justice Department official Bruce Ohr and all FBI reports of interviews prepared in connection with applications to surveil Carter Page, as well as 21 pages of one renewed warrant. The 21 pages make up only a small portion of the 412 pages of FISA applications and warrants related to Page released by the FBI earlier this year in a heavily redacted format. The June 2017 application was the last of four filed by the Justice Department in support of FISA court orders allowing the monitoring of Page for nearly a year. The president also ordered the release of unredacted text messages from Peter Strzok, former FBI counsel Lisa Page, former FBI Director James Comey and former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe. The president for months Strzok and Page for the bias revealed in their text messages, as well as Comey and McCabe for their leadership of the FBI. Comey was fired from the bureau in May 2017; McCabe was fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions in March; Page left the bureau in May; and Strzok was fired last month. A source familiar with the timing of the declassification told Fox News they expected the Carter Page warrant application to be declassified first, followed by the FBI reports on agent interviews with Ohr. The source added that the Justice Department is working on a "compressed timeline" and they expect the first release of records in days or sooner. The text messages are expected to take longer because of the involved and the fact that Trump ordered their release without redactions. Republicans on Capitol Hill, including House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., , saying it covers “pretty much everything that he wanted…and the text messages are a bonus,” a source said of Nunes. Congressional Republicans are hoping the files reveal details about the start of the Russia investigation led by the FBI, which evolved into Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling and potential collusion with Trump campaign associates during the 2016 presidential election. But Democrats,including the committee’s ranking member, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the declassification order as a “.” "[," Schiff said. "With respect to some of these materials, I have been previously informed by the FBI and Justice Department that they would consider their release as they may compromise sources and methods. "," Schiff added. The president’s order is similar to his February move, when he cleared the way for the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee to release about the surveillance warrant on Carter Page. Democrats, weeks later, released their own version of the memo. Trump's North Korean gamble ends with 'special bond' with Kim Nearly five hours of and talks between US President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong Un on Tuesday with declarations of a new friendship but just vague pledges of nuclear disarmament. For Trump, that amounted to a outcome in his gamble with the 's . But there were scant details on what new commitments had been secured from Kim, even as Trump announced he would end the regular military exercises the US conducts with South Korea. Whether nuclear disarmament is indeed the final outcome of Tuesday's summit won't be known for years, if not decades. But the act of extending his hand to one of America's longtime adversaries will illustrate . "We both want to do something. We both are going to do something. And we have developed a very special bond," Trump said at the conclusion of the landmark summit. ". People are going to be very happy." The document he and Kim signed said the North Korean leader "reaffirmed his firm and commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." In exchange, Trump agreed to "provide security guarantees" to North Korea. But there was no mentioning the previous US aim of "complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearization." And Kim's commitments did not appear to go beyond what he already pledged to do in April when he met South Korean President Moon Jae-in along their countries' border. Trump insisted during a news conference the agreement went further than many people expected. But he acknowledged the effort to rid North Korea of its nuclear arsenal was in its early stages. "We will do it as fast as it can mechanically and physically be done," he said. More critical, in Trump's telling, was the development of a personal bond with Kim, a responsible for the deaths not only of his own citizens but of at least one American, Otto Warmbier, who was returned to the US in a coma only to die days later. "I think our whole relationship with North Korea and the Korean Peninsula is going to be a very much different situation than it has in the past," Trump said during the summit. Later, during his news conference, Trump said Warmbier's death contributed to the summit taking place. "Without Otto, this would not have happened," Trump said. Trump and Kim -- both intent on making history -- greeted each other early in the day with extended hands in front of a row of US and North Korean flags, a previously sight that reflects a new chapter in the two countries' relationship. Trump's threats to politely walk out of the meeting if his expectations were unmet did not materialize. Instead he predicted he could "solve a , a " alongside his new partner. "," Trump said. The remarks came amid an improbable series of events that few could have anticipated even three months ago. The unlikely images of US and North Korean counterparts engaging in friendly dialogue lent the day an air of unreality. In a detailed menu, the White House said the men were served Häagen-Dazs vanilla ice cream for dessert. Other unforeseen events also surrounded the summit, . Minutes before the handshake, Trump tweeted that his top economic adviser Larry Kudlow had suffered a heart attack. Immediately after the encounter, Dennis Rodman -- one of the only Americans to have met Kim -- was openly weeping while being interviewed by CNN's Chris Cuomo. Even Kim seemed to acknowledge the of the day. "Many people in the world will think of this as a (inaudible) form of fantasy ... from a science fiction movie," his translator was overheard saying as the two leaders walked down a white-columned colonnade. At the conclusion of the summit, Trump the talks as a , and personal, achievement. "We learned a lot about each other and our countries," Trump said. "I learned he's a ." When pressed about those comments in light of Kim's tactics, Trump continued the North Korean leaders' ability to run a country at a young age. "He is ," Trump said, citing Kim's ability to "take over a situation like he did at 26 years of age and run it, and run it tough." Kim assumed power after his father Kim Jong Il, also a , died in 2011. Throughout the day, Trump and Kim's body language was openly friendly, a warmth given Kim's iron grip on power and dismal record on human rights. Trump's move to meet him attracted for normalizing a regime routinely called out for its human rights abuses, that over years has built an image of regime, throwing around threats of nuclear war. The day began with Trump patting Kim on the back and placing his hand on the North Korean's shoulder as they walked into their first meeting. Later they were seen smiling and laughing over lunch. Trump told reporters he would extend an invitation to the White House to Kim, who also . "Today, we had a meeting and decided to leave the past behind," Kim said through a translator. " will see a major change." The meeting came only months after the two men traded nuclear taunts, ratcheting up tensions and leading to fears of war. By contrast, Trump appeared to back off a military footing on Tuesday, declaring the US will stop the "war games," an apparent reference to