face and then at ten-thirty-two a man places what appears to be a blanket or towel over the body after they had given up hope,” Tucker Carlson said. “Police only arrive in this area for the first time around ten-forty-five p.m. when the body is still there.” The victim’s body was eventually was loaded into the back of a Ford Raptor pickup truck at 11:50 p.m. and taken away. Astonishingly, between the times of 10:13 p.m. and 10:16 p.m. a good amount of debris can be seen being pushed downward and sideways in front of the camera which Carlson claims is from a “helicopter hovering overhead.” A quick review of flight records during that time reveals that a squadron of EC-130 Eurocopters departed from Maverick Leasing LLC at 10:12 p.m., several of which appear to have overflown the parking lot where the victim and debris were seen. However, the departure of the choppers and the fact that several of them overflew the parking lot does not explain all of the debris being kicked up from by a heavy downdraft, prop wash, possibly from a helicopter hovering in place much closer. In fact, the downdraft appears to be constant from 10:13-10:16 p.m. and not intermittent as if several choppers had just passed overhead. According to Carlson, the owner of the tape maintains that . A preliminary report on the shooting released by the LVMPD on Friday only lists seven victims as being “ outside of the venue, two of which were over a half mile away. However, the official report failed to catalogue the dead woman who was shot in the parking lot of a Haven Street business. The following image is taken from page 34 of the LVMPD preliminary report which shows the seven victims and their locations of death numbered in yellow. The next photo shows where the unnamed victim was located. The victim can be seen being dragged in the following video. The following day, several men, one of which presumably was Fox News anchor Sean Hannity (who was heavily guarded by a five-man security team), received mobile haircuts in the very same parking lot, in nearly the same spot the victim’s body was dragged to. Who was this victim? Why “Credible Evidence Of A Terrorist Infiltration”: Congressman Says ‘Secret Intel’ Proves ISIS Connection To Las Vegas Massacre Congress is in possession of ‘secret intel’ that exposes an ISIS connection to the Las Vegas Massacre, according to a surprising claim made by Pennsylvania Congressman Scott Perry. Appearing on Fox News Tucker Carlson Tonight, Perry described evidence he had personally seen that suggested that some sort of terrorist infiltration aided the Las Vegas Massacre. said terrorists either helped Paddock or were actually some of the many other shooters reported that night. “Recently, I have been made aware of what i believe to be credible evidence, credible information, regarding potential terrorist infiltration, through the southern border, regarding this event,” Perry shockingly claimed. “ Perry continued. Keep in mind that this lines up with other alternative media reports regarding the Oct. 1st massacre as well as hints provided in the mainstream media. We also know that it is a conclusive fact that there was more than one shooter, according to literally dozens of eyewitnesses who have continued to come forward with what they saw that fateful night. , there are also reports that Stephen Paddock’s girlfriend actually deleted her Facebook page an hour before police released her boyfriends name. Infowars reports: London Borough With Highest Percentage Of Muslims In UK Votes To Ban Trump From Entering I’m sure President Trump is in not being able to enter Tower Hamlets. But this , even though it has not (yet) been taken up by the Home Office, only highlights Britain’s regarding who can enter the country and who cannot. Pamela Geller and I are banned from entering the country . . Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain. The UK Home Office also admitted Shaykh Hamza Sodagar into the country, despite the fact that he has said: “ Theresa May’s also admitted two jihad preachers who had praised the murderer of a foe of Pakistan’s blasphemy laws. One of them was welcomed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country. “London: Muslim Enclave Votes to ‘Ban Trump,’” by Liam Deacon, Breitbart, January 20, 2018: A London borough – which has the highest percentage of Muslims in the UK – has voted to ban U.S. President Donald J. Trump for the area, declaring him a “”. The council has been at the centre of serious corruption scandals, including the removal of an Islamist mayor who was found guilty of bribing Muslim groups and wielding “undue spiritual influence” on Muslim voters. The anti-Trump motion, proposed by Councillor Ohid Ahmed and Councillor Oliur Rahman, passed by a majority vote this week. It calls for President Trump’s planned state visit to the United Kingdom to be cancelled, adding: “Should the Government still choose to go ahead with State Visit, this Council makes clear that President Trump would not be welcome in our Borough.” The area in East London includes the famous Tower Bridge and Canary Wharf, but the ban does not appear to be enforceable. The current Labour mayor, John Biggs, complained that President Trump [and] doesn’t respect the culture of others and doesn’t respect women”. The mayor added: “ In response to the news, Peter Golds, the leader of the Conservatives group in the council, tweeted: “In 2015 one of the Tower Hamlets First election candidates tweeted ‘let us support These people, , have no shame. For the record, our group refused to vote in this farce.” “Tower Hamlets is home to one of the country’s most diverse communities,” the motion begins, adding that it “has the highest percentage of Muslim residents in England – 35 per cent compared with the national average of 5 per cent”. After several paragraphs of platitudes about “community cohesion” and “diversity”, it says “this Council notes with the decision by Donald Trump, President of the United States, to ‘retweet’ from the Britain First Twitter account”. It also bemoans that which has resulted in examples of division and hatred within the USA and beyond” and attacks his “illogical” decision to move the U.S. embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. . Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Arizona Border Patrol Nabs Armed Mexican National Attempting To Take Stolen Truck Into Mexico TUCSON, Ariz. –U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at Arizona’s Port of Nogales stopped an armed Mexican national from taking a stolen truck into Mexico on Tuesday. Officers working outbound operations at the Dennis DeConcini Crossing yesterday afternoon referred a 23-year-old legal permanent resident alien male for further inspection of the Ford F350 truck he was driving before he could go into Mexico. A records check confirmed the truck had been stolen, leading officers to place the subject under arrest. Officers seized a 9MM handgun the subject was carrying, and further search of his belongings uncovered a loaded magazine and additional ammunition. They also found trace amounts of marijuana, crystal methamphetamine, and drug paraphernalia. Officers arrested the subject, and turned him over to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations. Officers seized the drugs, weapon, and ammunition. The stolen truck has been turned over to the Arizona Regional Auto Theft Task Force. America's Immigration Voice. Kritarch Patti Saris, , . One of the Indonesian benefiting from took the hint and used the opportunity that Saris created to flee from arrest and deportation, absconding to a sanctuary church to hide from arrest. Kritarch Patti Saris and wants another system more to her liking. One of those likings is an unlimited number of hearings as to previously denied asylum claims. Carrying his 3-year-old daughter in his arms, Yohanes Tasik scoped out the church classroom he indefinitely would call home. , facing mounting pressure to report to Immigration and Customs Enforcement, took refuge Friday night inside the Reformed Church of Highland Park. He is the third Indonesian Christian who claimed sanctuary within the church in fear of deportation. [Indonesian Immigrant Finds Sanctuary In N.J. Church, by Steph Solis, USA Today, January 16, 2018] Saris should know that when the appeal of her decision that the Indonesian illegal aliens gets reviewed by the Supreme Court, her decision will be struck down. So she seem to have acted to encourage the in the case she is managing to see the writing on the wall, and use her order prohibiting their arrest and deportation to flee the authorities.Even the know that minor kritarchs have no authority over deportations, especially those that have been fully adjudicated and any claim of asylum found to be without any basis so they are taking up other options to fight deportation, like fleeing and hiding. A federal judge on Wednesday signaled she may extend an order preventing the deportation of roughly 50 Indonesian Christians living illegally in New Hampshire, a process that immigration officials began after U.S. President Donald Trump took office. U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston . [U.S. Judge May Extend Freeze On Indonesian Immigrants' Deportation, by Nate Raymond, Reuters, January 17, 2018] Federal officials contend they have always had the authority to deport them at any time. “There’s no legal basis for them to ask for more time,” Vinita Andrapalliyal, a U.S. Justice Department lawyer, argued in court on Wednesday. Federal law gives authority over immigration matters to the executive branch, not the courts. Over the Justice Department’s objections, Saris last year ruled she had jurisdiction over the case. She entered a temporary order blocking the Indonesians’ deportation until she could decide whether to impose a preliminary injunction. Ronaldo Rauseo-Ricupero, a lawyer for the Indonesians, argued they should have 90 days to move to reopen their cases after receiving copies of their administrative case files and time to appeal any decision rejecting those motions. “We don’t want to put them on a ship back unless someone has had chance to look at if there’s a really bad situation for them,” Saris said. “.” And Kritarch Saris has not stopped. She is moving forward with more orders to halt deportation of .Kritarch Saris just does not accept that the immigration courts found no basis for their claim of persecution, and there is no evidence that they would face persecution today. She and other kritarchs have acted outside the law, something that the reporter surprisingly puts in the story.And the Treason Bar attorney demanded that Kritarch Saris create a whole new second immigration appeals system of unlimited delay for these .Kritarch Saris thinks that her feelings about a deportation are the same as the law.Well, that is not Kritarch Saris' concern. The concern over persecution overseas is reviewed by the Executive Branch, and that decision was entered--there is no "bad situation" for her to be concerned about. And Saris is not the only kritarch that thinks they run immigration policy--Mark Goldsmith thinks he runs immigration policy as well. A federal judge in Michigan has ordered the government to give bond hearings in preparation for releasing hundreds of illegal immigrants from Iraq into the community, saying the Constitution protects them from indefinite detention in the U.S. U.S. District Judge Mark A Goldsmith, an Obama appointee, earlier had halted deportations for nearly 300 Iraqis, saying that although they had long been ordered removed, conditions on the ground in Iraq had changed and they deserved new hearings. His latest ruling Tuesday evening goes further, certifying some of the Iraqis as a class-action lawsuit and saying most of them should be “allowed to return to their productive lives” while they wait for new hearings — meaning they must be released from detention unless the government can prove they are a major risk to public safety. [Judge Orders Potential Release Of Hundreds Of Illegals From Iraq, by Stephen Dinan, Washington Times, January 3, 2018] He is ordering the release of hundreds of Iraqi and criminal aliens, all because he wants them to have --they, like the Indonesians, lost claims to political asylum years ago. Kritarch Mark Goldsmith Both these kritarchs are part of illegal and unconstitutional #Resistance to the lawful immigration policies of President Trump. Illegal aliens get only one hearing and one set of appeals to deportation. They don't get another new and illegal set of hearings and appeals just because wants something. Time for Congress to end this by prohibiting review of immigration and deportation decisions. SPECIAL REPORT: Pope Francis Accused of Inaction in Notorious Sex Abuse Cases The incident was brief: on the Thursday of the pope’s week-long South American trip, in response to an impromptu question by a Chilean reporter, the pope responded in what one reporter described as a “”: “The day I see proof against Bishop Barros, then I will talk. There is not a single piece of evidence against him. It is all calumny. Is that clear?” This month has been quite a spectacle, even for this pontificate; an apparently , with the pope and his Vatican media support jumping from one scandal to the next. But among secular reporters the sex abuse issue trumps all others and the fallout continues on the Bergoglian pontificate in response to his amazing accusation earlier this month that victims of sexual abuse by clergy were engaging in “calumny,” in their accusations against a Chilean bishop, Juan de la Cruz Barros Madrid. It seems the shine is coming off the papal penny among , his natural constituency. Writing for the Boston Globe, the paper that first broke the clerical sex abuse scandals all the way back in 2001, Kevin Cullen wrote, “Let the record show that the promise of Pope Francis died in Santiago, Chile, on Jan. 18, in the year of our Lord 2018… he has revealed himself like no one else could.” But it gets worse than this. When pressing a secularist agenda on the Church starts to lose the support of Michael Sean Winters and the National Catholic Reporter, he must know he’s in trouble. Though he’s “sticking with Francis” for now, Winters wrote, “I wish I knew what it was about Pope Francis that makes him fail to grasp the situation with Bishop Barros, the pain caused to the victims and the damage done to the church. I am that the pope twice declined to accept the bishop’s resignation.” On January 23rd, an unsigned NCR editorial opined, “Within the space of four days, Pope Francis twice slandered abuse survivors.” “These remarks are at the least shameful. At the most, they suggest that Francis now could be complicit in the cover-up. The script is all too familiar: Discredit the survivors’ testimony, support the prelate in question, and bank on public attention moving on to something else. “The insistence with which Francis defends Barros is mystifying. Three separate journalists on the papal flight gave the pope opportunity to say why exactly he believed the bishop instead of the survivors accusing him. The second journalist to ask Francis about Barros on the flight was a Chilean woman. As she spoke to the pope, at questioning the church’s top leader. She asked: ‘Why are not the victims’ testimonies proof for you? Why do you not believe them?’ The pope gave no satisfying answer, only repeating a claim of ‘no evidence’ against the bishop.” Indeed, it was understood, as the Washington Post said, that Francis’ trip to Latin America – dogged by protests over Barros both in person at the pope’s appearances and in the press – was in part intended as “an apology tour” to abuse survivors. Which is why his accusation of calumny against those same victims the next day came as such a shock to observers unused to Bergoglio’s ability to turn on a dime. All was going as planned. On Wednesday, January 17, the pope met as scheduled with selected survivors of sexual abuse by priests. He made all the right noises, talking about his “pain and shame,” and reportedly even crying, at what happened. “I know the pain of these cases of child abuse and I am following how much is needed to overcome this ,” he said. 24 hours later he was calling them liars. James Hamilton, 49 and now a doctor, was one of the Barros accusers. He told the BBC at a press conference, “What the Pope has done today is offensive and painful, and not only against us, but against everyone seeking to end the abuses.” The lead voice of the victims in Chile, Juan Carlos Cruz, tweeting to one of Francis’s leading apologists, Austen Ivereigh, said, “Does he need a photo, a selfie, as proof? Sorry Austen, we didn’t think of it as we were being abused and Juan Barros watching.” Although the issue came to the attention of a much broader audience during the most recent papal trip, the outcry has been ongoing since his appointment to the southern Chilean diocese of Osorno in 2015. Barros was a student protégée of , and went on to be ordained in 1984, made bishop in 1995 and appointed as bishop of the armed forces. Barros claimed in court that the first he knew of Karadima’s offenses was on a Chilean television programme in 2010. This is refuted by Karadima’s victims – deemed credible both by the secular courts and the Vatican tribunal – who testified that he personally witnessed the abuse at Sacred Heart of Jesus church in Santiago. Last Thursday, however, was not the first time Francis, confronted unexpectedly in public over the Barros question, has responded testily and with insults. In 2015 the Italian newspaper Il Fatto Quotidiano published a video of him scolding two women who spoke with him in St. Peter’s Piazza, asking that he reconsider the appointment, citing the “suffering” of the Church in Chile over the issue. The pope told the women, “The Church has lost its freedom, letting its head fill with politicians and accusing a bishop without having any proof, after twenty years of service, so He warned them not to allow themselves to be led by “.” “The only charge against this bishop has been discredited by the Court of Justice, so please do not lose your serenity, you suffer, but because ...I am the first to judge and punish those accused of similar crimes, but in this case there is not even a proof.” The insults were not forgotten. Among the signs held by protesters in Chile last week were those reading, “Ni zurdos, ni tontos,” (). The jab certainly wasn’t lost on Francis, since the signs were being held by protesters the full length of his auto route to Santiago from the airport. One of the protesters told the BBC, “He doesn’t even know us, so how can he accuse us of being such things? He thinks we are politically motivated even though we come from different parishes in Osorno and are doing this because we are against priests being allowed to