you don’t see the asteroid itself, be sure to look out for the Geminid meteor shower, which is set to provide over the course of 10 nights in December, with as many as 100 shooting stars every hour. A San Francisco jury on Thursday found Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, also known as Juan Francisco Lopez Sanchez, not guilty of the murder of Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier on July 1, 2015. The jury of six men and six women, , found the Mexican national not guilty of all murder and manslaughter charges and guilty only of felony possession of a firearm. For Garcia’s Zarate’s attorney, Matt Gonzalez, Ralph Nader’s running mate in the 2008 presidential election, the trial was all about Donald Trump. “For those who might criticize this verdict – there are a number of people who have commented on this case in the last couple of years,” Gonzalez said after the verdict, “the Attorney General of the United States and the President and Vice President of the United States. Let me just remind them, , so I ask that they reflect on that before they comment or disparage the results of this case.” “From day one this case was used as a added defense attorney Francisco Ugarte. “It was used to . I believe Alex Bastian of the San Francisco prosecutor’s office told reporters the verdict “was not the one we were hoping for,” but the Steinle family could be forgiven for any reasonable doubts about the prosecution. “ ... Jim Steinle, Kate’s father, told the San Francisco Chronicle. “. .” Kate’s brother Brad was “stunned that they couldn’t even get him on using the weapon.” Attorney David Wohl told Fox News that with negligent discharge of a firearm, the defendant’s action met every standard for involuntary manslaughter. The verdict, Wohl said, was “an by the prosecutor.” . . . Politics trumps evidence in California once again.” .” .” For his part, President Trump tweeted: “A in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.” Mexican national Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, 54, is a seven-time felon and has been deported five times. In 2015 federal authorities sought to detain him for deportation. San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi chose to defy the feds and release the Mexican national. On July 1, 2015, the criminal illegal picked up a Sig Sauer .40 caliber pistol, stolen from a Bureau of Land Management officer, and fired the shot that killed Kate Steinle, only 32 years old. The Mexican nation and career criminal , the presumption of innocence, and a high-profile defense attorney funded by American taxpayers. During the trial, former vice presidential candidate Matt Gonzalez claimed that . As Gonzalez argued, That sort of plays well in San Francisco, so any observer of the case could be forgiven for believing that prosecution and defense both got the outcome they wanted, regardless of the tragedy for the Steinle family. The felony firearms charge, the only charge on which Garcia Zarate was found guilty, carries a sentence of 16 months to 3 years. Since Garcia Zarate has been languishing in jail, the authorities could commute any sentence to time served and he could walk free within weeks. San Francisco is not likely to hand the felon over to ICE for deportation. Should that happen, Garcia Zarate has already proved five times that anybody can get away with violating U.S. immigration law. . Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, or whatever his real name is, has also proved that a career criminal who is not even supposed to be in the country can literally get away with murder in broad daylight. When that happens, the killer’s public defender will call it a “vindication for the rights of immigrants.” In San Francisco, and across California, this verdict will surely give new meaning to the cry of “no justice, no peace.” Trump Slams “ After San Francisco Jury Acquits “Kate’s Law”-Victim’s Killer This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge Update 2 : Just as we suspected, President Trump has tweeted his opinion on this decision… A in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 1, 2017 Update 1: AP reports that U.S. immigration officials say they will deport the Mexican man found not guilty of murder in San Francisco pier shooting. * * * As we detailed earlier, in a verdict that has shocked many in the Bay Area (and across America), a jury of six men and six women in sanctuary city San Francisco found illegal immigrant (and five-time deportee) Jose Ines Garcia Zarate not guilty in the death of Kate Steinle. Mr. Garcia Zarate had been homeless at the time of the shooting and had multiple felony convictions and five prior deportations to Mexico. He had been set free from jail only months before the shooting, in defiance of requests by federal immigration authorities, who had asked that he be held longer so he could be deported again. when Donald Trump invoked Ms. Steinle’s killing as he campaigned for president. As The New York Times reports, Ms. Steinle’s death in July 2015 fed into a over whether immigrants without legal status should be deported more aggressively, and over the role local law enforcement should play. Ms. Steinle, known as Kate, a 32-year-old medical equipment saleswoman, was walking along Pier 14 in San Francisco when she was struck by a bullet and collapsed into her father’s arms. Mr. Garcia Zarate acknowledged firing the weapon, but said it was an accident. Zarate and his defense team maintained the argument that the suspect found the stolen weapon on the pier that day and it “.” The gun belonged to a federal Bureau of Land Management ranger and was stolen from his parked car a week earlier. The bullet ricocheted on the pier’s concrete walkway before it struck Steinle, killing her. Zarate has admitted to shooting Steinle, but says it was an accident. Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez said Garcia Zarate found the gun at the pier… but the stories of what happened copntradicted one another… He said it was wrapped in cloth, and when Garcia Zarate unwrapped it, the gun accidentally discharged. But in a police interrogation, Garcia Zarate admitted to firing the gun, saying he was aiming at a seal. He also told police that he stepped on the gun, causing it to fire. But still, after six days of deliberation, the illegal Mexcian immigrant was acquitted of murder and manslaughter charges and also found not guilty of assault with a firearm. Garcia Zarate was found guilty of illegal firearms possession, which carries a sentence of 16 months to three years. * * * The public defender wasted no time in focusing his thoughts on President Trump and his administration…saying Zarate was “ by the outcome and that while Steinle’s death “was it was used as “ for then candidate Donald Trump’s anti-immigration agenda.” Adachi added, “Despite the atmosphere surrounding this case, jurors focused on the evidence, which was clear and convincing, and rendered a just verdict.” In a response to the verdict, Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement saying that despite California’s attempt at a murder conviction, Zarate was able to walk away with only a firearm possession conviction because he was not turned over by San Francisco to ICE. the statement said. “.” Sessions continued, “I urge the leaders of the nation’s communities to reflect on the outcome of this case and consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to cooperate with federal law enforcement officers.” Social media erupted with outrage at the verdict (with very few – if any attempting to defend the verdict)… I don't know any who is a 5x felon and could get away with killing someone with a stolen gun. #KateSteinle #KatesLaw #JoseZarate — Ginger (@SpicyMustang) December 1, 2017 I seriously feel like buying #BuildtheWall #KatesLaw — ???Steff??? (@Steffs_tweets) December 1, 2017 #KatesLaw — Mike (@Bigly45) December 1, 2017 Insist that KATES LAW is passed. When illegals have more rights and protection than American Citizens. This MUST STOP!!!! — Diana Batissa (@DianaBatissa) December 1, 2017 . They will continue to shelter illegals and allow them to do as they please and dont care about the innocents hurt by them. ? SICK!#KateSteinle #KatesLaw — Constitutional-TQN? (@TechQn) December 1, 2017 If Hillary Clinton were in office, we'd all be in danger. The #KateSteinle verdict is an . There is no way to spin this, there is no defense, today the mask came off. — Mike Cernovich ?? (@Cernovich) December 1, 2017 And even politically-correct politicians piped in… Kate Steinle’s murderer not guilty? . No Californian can feel good about their justice system today. I for the Steinle family who must be personally suffering from this injustice. — Senator Jim Nielsen (@CASenatorJim) December 1, 2017 We suspect it will not be long before President Trump has something to say about this verdict. UK: Labour MP Cites Ban of Robert Spencer & Pamela Geller in Calling for Trump to be Banned from Country The brouhaha over President Trump’s retweets of videos depicting Muslims being violent continues in the UK, and is yet another manifestation of the general tendency to blame those who call attention to jihad atrocities rather than to focus upon the jihad atrocities themselves. Trump himself said it best, tweeting yesterday evening:”. @ Theresa_May, . . @Theresa_May, . — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017 , but Trump is right that the real problem is jihad terror and Sharia supremacism, and . And so Chris Bryant, “a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, , a senior Labour MP has said.” For Chris Bryant, apparently “fascism” means “ against jihad terror.” Bryant “cited the cases of two US far-right bloggers, Robert Spencer and Pamela Geller , who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the UK to take part in English Defence League rallies, as precedents for taking action against Trump.” Why are we “far right”? Everything we do is in defense of the freedom of speech and equality of rights of all people before the law. That’s “far right”? In any case, note well: the letter to me from the UK Home Office said that I was banned for saying that “[ That’s a demonstrably true statement. Meanwhile, Britain has a steadily lengthening record of admitting jihad preachers without a moment of hesitation. Syed Muzaffar Shah Qadri’s preaching of hatred and jihad violence was so hardline that he was banned from preaching in Pakistan, but the UK Home Office welcomed him into Britain. The UK Home Office also admitted Shaykh Hamza Sodagar into the country, despite the fact that he has said: May’s government admitted two jihad preachers who had . One of them was welcomed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Meanwhile, the UK banned three bishops from areas of Iraq and Syria where Christians are persecuted from entering the country. Chris Bryant had nothing to say about any of those jihad preachers entering Britain with no problem. “UK ambassador conveys concerns over Trump retweet to White House,” by Rowena Mason, Guardian, November 30, 2017: …Chris Bryant, a senior Labour backbencher, has written to May urging her to go further, , a senior Labour MP has said. Bryant, a former Foreign Office minister, said the prime minister should issue a prohibition order against the president like those that apply to other far right figures from the US. He cited the cases of two US far right bloggers, Robert Spencer and Pamela Geller, who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the UK to take part in English Defence League rallies, as precedents for taking action against Trump. In a letter to May, he said: “I am writing to you to ask you and the home secretary to take immediate action to ban the president of the United States, Donald Trump, from entering the United Kingdom, due to his apparent support for far-right groups in this country. “In retweeting Jayda Fransen’s posts, it is absolutely clear to me that President Trump is supporting and condoning fascism and far-right activity. This activity has frequently taken the form of violence on our streets. Ms Fransen herself has a long history of racism and Islamophobia, some of it criminal. Many of the people you have rightly banned from entering the UK were guilty of less than this.”… Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer America's Immigration Voice. , right down to how many times someone can have their case reviewed, though she seems confused as to who will do the reviewing of those cases. At issue is a large group of Indonesian Chinese Christians who fled a in Indonesia directed against them in the 1990s. The Chinese generally filed asylum applications after arriving in the United States, and, importantly, not at an American embassy or consulate in Indonesia or nearby. All were relatively wealthy and had or obtained tourist visas to the United States. This is important as most actual "refugees" drop everything to flee their homelands if they are under threat of death. . 87 is the average Indonesian IQ , and note that average includes the higher average Chinese, . This is important in that while there was anti-Chinese and anti-Christian violence, the non-Chinese Christians mostly stuck around, though the Chinese used tourist and student visas to come to the United States in a leisurely manner, taking time to either bring or otherwise secure their wealth in Indonesia. In any event, the persecution was limited in time and duration as the local elite know they need the Chinese to run the economy and to avoid intervening on behalf of their fellow ethnics. In the United States, these Chinese went through the liberal asylum process, but did not manage to at the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR), the immigration courts. Fast forward to the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty , where despite outstanding deportation orders, these illegal aliens, among millions of others, are allowed to remain, and then given employment authorization as well. . And end it was for this particular lot of illegal aliens. But Kritarch Patti Saris was having none of the immigration laws of the United States. She thought she was . And all on the flimsy excuse that the need , despite the clear fact that the Indonesian government had long ago quashed the ethnic riots directed against the market dominant minority of Chinese and the religious motivated violence against Christians. While there are a couple of provinces in Indonesia that impose Sharia law on Muslims, most non-Muslims are exempt. As moderates go, Indonesia is about as close as it gets to moderate Muslims. Mostly because . Before it was the high IQ Dutch, now it's the Chinese. Remember, . A federal judge on Monday ordered U.S. immigration officials to delay any efforts to deport 51 Indonesians living illegally in New Hampshire so the group can have time to argue that changing conditions in that country would make it dangerous to return... Federal law gives authority over immigration matters to the executive branch, not the courts. Chief U.S. District Judge Patti Saris in Boston found she had authority to ensure the Indonesians have a chance to argue that conditions in their home country had deteriorated significantly enough to reopen their cases for trying to stay in the United State. She worried that without the order, ICE officials could deport some of the Indonesians covered by the suit, at which time they would lose the opportunity to have their cases reopened. [Judge Orders U.S. To Delay Deporting Indonesians In Immigration Fight, by Scott Malone, Reuters, November 27, 2017] Kritarch Saris thought she knew better and has been running a deliberate campaign to prevent the deportation of these Chinese . And now , prohibiting the deportation of all these who already had their day in immigration court.Saris appears to be making up immigration law and procedure on the fly, as her order appears to not understand either the EOIR process or immigration law. “The government shall inform the court whether petitioners, who are not detained, will have access to emergency procedures if they must file their original motions to reopen,” Saris wrote. This makes no sense in English, much less in the established procedures in the EOIR. The have no emergency, there are no emergency procedures, and their original motions to reopen were denied for lack of legal basis in law or any changed conditions in the country they are being deported to that would avail them of another claim. Indonesia is more hospitable to Chinese Christians today than the short period in the 90s when there was a problem. But basically, Saris wants the the opportunity to submit another asylum application, and benefit by the years it will take to adjudicate those claims. Basically Saris wants these illegals to never leave. That, of course is not her role. The only claim they have before a Federal court is if they got the due process that Congress gave those . And they did, they filed for asylum, had a hearing and appeals, and lost. With the legislative fight over DACA, the Trump Administration needs to include legislative language including more restrictions on kritarchs who want to make American immigration policy, as well as other reforms to lower legal immigration, build the wall, and deport illegals here. Or impeachment, or both. British Labor Party: We Banned Pamela Geller, Now Let’s Ban Trump, Too The Guardian reported Thursday that “Chris Bryant, a senior Labour backbencher,” has written to British prime minister Theresa May, urging her to “issue an official ban on Donald Trump from entering the UK on the grounds When Western historians look back at the 21st century, the Geller-Spencer ban in the U.K. will be viewed as one of that . It was . This because Trump retweeted three videos showing Muslims being violent. Bryant, a former Foreign Office minister, supported by pointing to…me. He cited the cases of two U.S. far-right bloggers, Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer, who were banned by May in 2013 from entering the U.K. I was going to be among a group of freedom-fighters – from all over the world (a Hindu princess had been set to join us) – to honor the memory of Lee Rigby, the British soldier who had been murdered on a London street in broad daylight by an Islamic jihadist on May 22, 2013. We planned to pay our respects to Lee Rigby by placing a wreath at his memorial, in his memory and in memory of his service. We planned to bring the Stars and Stripes, as well as British and Danish flags, and participate in Armed Forces Day memorial commemorations at the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich, where Rigby served. For this, we were banned. When Prime Minister Theresa May, who was the head of the Home Office when she banned us and was thus directly responsible for the ban, threw us under the bus in order to