trying to get ” Florida is ,” “you have ” This is a breaking news story. Refresh the page for updates. (Tallahassee) Project Veritas Action Fund has released undercover video from Florida gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum’s campaign, revealing his election strategy includes making empty promises to voters. This is the seventh undercover video report Project Veritas has released in a series revealing secrets and lies from political campaigns in 2018. Said James O’Keefe, founder and president of Project Veritas Action: “.” Featured in this report is a campaign staffer who works on Andrew Gillum’s gubernatorial campaign. . ,” and when asked if voters are aware that Gillum cannot deliver on his proposed programs, Smith says: SMITH: “That’s not for them to know… That’s not for them to know. Remember our saying, modern day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected. '” , and that the Gillum campaign knows this: SMITH: “. The reason being, the legislature that write the bills is all Republican controlled. Democratic governor, Republican legislature. So, unless the legislature writes a bill, and it got voted on the floor, it cannot pass.” Smith says that “the rules in Florida ” and that Florida is ,” explaining that the Florida legislature has to become racially black for Gillum’s agenda to advance. “.” Smith says that in order to get voters on board with , the campaign must “.” SMITH: “. Once Gillum is in, in another 2 years, other Republican Senators and Legislators will be on the ballot. So, you have to the Andrew Gillum voters again in those counties to vote out the Republican to get a Democratic Legislature in order for his (Gillum) will to be executed.” Smith adds that because not all Democratic voters are the same, that the Gillum campaign ” to turn out the vote: SMITH: “… [.” Smith also explains that the Gillum campaign can’t let voters know what Gillum’s true agenda is before election day: SMITH: “… . Then you get painted like, oh, Gillum is being painted, no. You are a socialist, …” Gillum is Smith also explains Gillum’s political worldview, saying that “Gillum is … He is .” Cliff Eserman, who works for the Broward County Democratic Party adds that during the Democratic primary, : ESERMAN: “In order to win he had to be… He’s really . So he was being … For the primary. Now [in the general] he’s going back to .” Dale Holeness, who is the Broward County Commissioner and also works on Gillum’s campaign, explains Gillum’s gun control views: HOLENESS: “There ought to be at least a three-day waiting period for everybody and a full background check for everybody… And we need to- And these automatic guns with sixteen rounds a minute, they ought to not be on the streets either, so that’s his plan.” Adrian Young, who works for the Florida Democratic Party also elaborates on Gillum’s gun control views in the report: YOUNG: “… I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ATs, only because he’s running a race right now. I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson… …” More Elections… This is the seventh release in a series Project Veritas Action Fund began publishing in October 2018 exposing dishonesty and unethical conduct in elections across the country. Project Veritas Action Fund will continue to publish undercover reports in this series. View the other investigative reports in this series: Caught on video: Gillum staffer makes racist statements and admits campaign is lying to voters Caught on video: Gillum staffer makes racist statements and admits campaign is lying to voters In the latest Project Veritas midterm election sting, staffers working for Florida Democratic candidate for governor Andrew Gillum are caught on camera revealing Gillum’s campaign promises are lies and making racist statements about Florida voters. Omar Smith, a Gillum campaign staffer who went to college with the candidate, says on video that .” “Remember our saying, modern-day fairy tales start with ‘once I am elected,'” Smith says. NEW VERITAS: FL Gov Candidate Staffer Who Went to College with Gillum: ", “Modern day fairy tales start with once I am elected” Florida is " FULL REPORT: https://t.co/fjmYBsb30k pic.twitter.com/IIGkqzMfbr — PVeritas Action (@PVeritas_Action) November 1, 2018 GILLUM ELECTION STRATEGY: "" because Florida is ," "you have " pic.twitter.com/d0fd85zLF8 — James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) November 1, 2018 “. Alright? This is . It’s ,” Smith says, explaining that a progressive agenda cannot pass and using a racial slur against white voters. He points to specific campaign promises Gillum has made, including raising the corporate tax in Florida, raising teacher pay, and Medicare for All, admitting they are lies. So, let’s go back to Mr. Gillum’s platform, right? Raise the corporate tax in Florida from 7 to 11 percent. That will never happen. Raise teachers’ pay to $50,000; that will never happen. Give me another position. Medicare for all; that will never happen. The reason being, the legislature that write the bills is all Republican-controlled. Democratic governor, Republican legislature. So, unless the legislature writes a bill, and it got voted on the floor, it cannot pass. The full video shows Smith saying that the strategy to change the Florida legislature is to take “poor” and “middle income” people and “whip them up into a frenzy in order for them to vote.” He adds that “you have .” Smith defines Gillum’s political beliefs as “part of the crazy crazy crazies” on the progressive Left. More damaging footage includes Democratic operatives explaining Gillum’s positions on gun control and indicating he would support banning AR-15 rifles. Florida Democrat Party community engagement specialist Adrian Young also admits on video that Gillum is not campaigning with that position because it would be unpopular with Florida voters. “I do think he’s not saying specifically like I’m going to ban bump stocks or I’m against ARs, only because he’s running a race right now. I do think he would support anybody doing that stuff, Bill Nelson. … .” “What we found in the Gillum campaign was just what we found in Missouri, Tennessee and Arizona, a candidate lying to the voters he needs to win the election,” said Project Veritas Action President James O’Keefe. The video evidence confirms that Gillum is lying to Florida voters. Will there be for making promises he can’t keep? Will Gillum be asked to denounce his campaign staffer using a to demean in Florida? Watch the full video: Dear Illegal Alien ‘Caravan’: Remember those photos of while sitting on top of the border fence? They won’t be doing any of that now. In fact, It’s got a whole new look now. We won’t be seeing anything near the same bravado with people scaling up and over this one. Not with the changes they’ve made in response to that pushed their way into Mexico. Trending: WATCH: Lingerie Clad Hottie Attempts ‘The Cannonball’ On Lake In The Dead Of Winter – Pain Ensues Here’s the new look: Here’s what the President said with the photo: “The Fake News is showing old footage of people climbing over our Ocean Area Fence. This is what it really looks like – !” Here’s some footage of that razor wire going up. Here’s what the military was REALLY up to, when CNN and the rest had their little fever dreams about cross-border gun battles. If Congress insists on dragging its feet with the building and funding of a permanent solution, Trump will find other ways to secure our Southern border as he had promised to do. Like Razorwire. The Trumpinator: every time his rivals think they’ve got him down and out, he stands back up and keeps on coming. They laughed when he announced his candidacy. They thought he was just some kind of a circus sideshow act. . He survived the primaries and got the nomination. He Crooked Hillary. He beat CNN at their own game, and their ratings are now circling the toilet. Mueller and the Dossier aren’t just coming up empty, they’re exposing the misdeeds of Brennan, Comey, McCabe, Strzok and all the rest. And Trump is still keeping promises, and getting things done. The economy is doing exactly what he promised it would. #PromisesKept And in 2020, The Trumpinator is gonna do it again. . By the way, since Facebook has unpublished ClashDaily’s page, your best bet to keep in the loop is to Subscribe to our ClashDaily Newsletter right here: Become a Clash Insider! Sign up for our free email newsletter, and we’ll make sure to keep you in the loop. We’re also moving onto a new platform, MeWe. It’s like Facebook without the data breaches and censorship. Sign up and you can still get all the ClashDaily goodness by joining our MeWe group. Do you love what we’re doing at Clash? Do you want to kick in to our ‘war chest’ so that we Happy Warriors can maximize the size of the footprint we leave on Leftism’s backside? Here’s a link for ya to do just that. Stay Rowdy! Broward County Election Supervisor Brenda Snipes Resigns Amid Florida Voter Fraud . However, that should not be good enough for the people of Broward County nor the state of Florida. Charges must be made and her arrest should be imminent. The Sun-Sentinel reports: Just hours after finishing a recount, Broward Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes submitted her resignation, ending a 15-year tenure . take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. “It is true. She did send it,” said Burnadette Norris-Weeks, an attorney who works as counsel to the Supervisor of Elections Office. Evelyn Perez-Verdia, a former office spokeswoman who left several years ago, said Sunday evening she was told by people in the office that the letter was sent “to Tallahassee” earlier in the day. Norris-Weeks said she saw an early draft of the letter. In the version she saw, she said Snipes, 75, expressed a desire to spend more time with her family. In the final version of the resignation letter, sent to Gov. Rick Scott, Snipes said it was her “” to have served in the office. “I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote in the letter, which made no mention of controversies surrounding the 2018 election. , she missed her deadline. “Although I have enjoyed this work tremendously over these many election cycles, both large and small, I am ready to pass the torch,” she wrote. . Snipes allowed illegal aliens, non-citizens and felons to vote. According to Breitbart, she illegally destroyed ballots. Three statewide races in Florida are headed to a recount and all depend on results from . Broward County supervisor of elections Brenda Snipes’ office has admitted “they don’t know” how many ballots there are still to count. Snipes’ latest failure to finalize Tuesday’s election returns days after the polls closed is also in violation of Florida law, which requires elections officials to “report all early voting and all tabulated vote-by-mail results to the Department of State within 30 minutes after the polls close. Thereafter, the canvassing board shall report, with the exception of provisional ballot results, updated precinct election results to the department at least every 45 minutes until all results are completely reported.” The irony that a constitutionally ineligible candidate for the presidency and RINO extraordinaire, Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL), pointed out that voter fraud going on in Florida just a day after the elections probably didn't help the pressure that Snipes was facing. ? Dems got voters to use altered forms to fix & submit as many mail ballots as possible after FL deadline in hopes that a judge would later order state to count them. Today that’s exactly what a federal judge did. https://t.co/MC4Tlvy9gi — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) November 15, 2018 Naples Daily News: A day after Florida’s election left top state races too close to call, a Democratic party leader directed staffers and volunteers to share altered election forms with voters to fix signature problems on absentee ballots after the state’s deadline. The altered forms surfaced in Broward, Santa Rosa, Citrus and Okaloosa counties and were reported to federal prosecutors to review for possible election fraud as Florida counties completed a required recount in three top races. But an email obtained by the USA TODAY NETWORK – Florida shows that Florida Democrats were organizing a broader statewide effort beyond those counties to give voters the altered forms to fix improper absentee ballots after the Nov. 5 deadline. Democratic party leaders provided staffers with copies of a form, known as a “cure affidavit,” that had been modified to include an inaccurate Nov. 8 deadline. We also know that a Broward County employee, Chelsey Smith, signed an affidavit affirming that she had seen members of Snipes' staff engaging in voter fraud. . . Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard In Wake Of Elections, Migrant Caravan Resumes March Towards US Border Of course, the news of the migrant caravan has largely been abandoned due to the elections and across the country, but that doesn't mean that thousands of migrants from Central America have abandoned their quest to enter our country illegally. Despite barbed wires and thousands of troops on the border, they have been undeterred. A report from RT tells the tale: The Central American has just begun another leg of their journey to the US border hastily reinforced by the Army and Marine Corps. The migrants previously made a days-long stop in Mexico City. The caravan, made up mostly of Hondurans, but also nationals of other Central American countries, is now on the move towards the United States border. Migrants resumed their march north on Saturday morning after spending almost a week in Mexico City. take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. ... To get there, migrants will have to travel some 1,700 miles (2,735km) to the northwest, a much longer route than to the nearest US border crossing at McAllen, Texas, which many consider to be the safest option. Video was also captured showing dozens of people waiting for trains in Mexico subway or boarding heavy trucks or buses somewhere outside the city while others are seen using cars. President Donald Trump has warned these people to turn back and that they will not be accepted into the US. He recently signed an immigration decree requiring asylum seekers to apply at their point of entry to the country and barring illegal immigrants from requesting asylum. “ but they have to come in legally and they have to have merit,” Trump told reporters before he departed for Paris. https://youtu.be/1jT8Ait1jE Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Federal Prosecutors Called In After Florida Democrats Caught Altering Election Documents Florida should be called and called now unless the the way they are stealing House seats. Photo: Elections staff load ballots into machine as recounting begins at the Broward County Supervisor of Elections Office on Nov. 11, 2018, in Lauderhill, Florida Fed. Prosecutors Called in After FL Democrats Caught Altering Election Documents. By Karista Baldwin, Conservative Tribune November 15, 2018: take our poll - story continues below Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? Should Jim Acosta have gotten his press pass back? * Yes, he should have gotten it back. No, you can't act like a child and keep your pass. Maybe? I'm not sure if he should have. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Last week, the Florida Department of State asked federal prosecutors to look into alterations made on official election documents from the 2018 midterms. Politico reported that the department points to the Florida Democratic Party for changing dates on forms used to amend absentee and mail-in ballots. These ballots would have been flagged for missing information or for being filled out with incorrect information. The amending forms, called “cure affidavits,” were due at 5 p.m on Nov. 5, the evening before Election Day, at the latest. During pre-Election Day absentee and mail-in voting, political parties have access to lists of people whose mail-in ballots were rejected for errors. Meanwhile, cure affidavits are publicly available and anyone can send them to voters to prompt them to “fix” their ballots. According to Politico, the DOS released affidavits on Tuesday, which demonstrate that four different counties said the ballots could be returned by 5 p.m on Thursday, Nov. 8, past the official due date. Among the counties involved with the altered affidavits is Broward, which has been a hotspot for controversy as many Florida races have led to a recount. . Do you agree with the call for a federal investigation? Yes No Completing this poll entitles you to Conservative Tribune news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Politico reported that they received audio of a Florida Democratic party volunteer leaving a voicemail to a voter in Palm Beach County to revise their mailed ballot after Election Day. Palm Beach County failed to make Florida’s recount deadline on Thursday. Matt Dixon, bureau chief of Politico, tweeted on Wednesday that the Democratic party volunteer call came during Florida’s ballot recount after ballots were allowed to be amended. “We are now doing a recount, so we want to make sure you let your vote be counted,” Dixon quoted from the voicemail. It seems that Democrats may have called absentee voters about supplying them with cure affidavits after the permitted date. It also looks like whoever sent out the cure affidavits physically changed the due date to say Nov. 8, instead of Nov. 6. . According to DOS officials, they are less concerned with the inaccurate dates, and more concerned with the fact