on to admit that he realized he needed to clarify his statements in Helsinki. The president said: “It should have been obvious – I thought it would be obvious – but I would like to clarify, just in case it wasn’t. In a key sentence in my remarks, I said the word ‘would’ instead of “wouldn’t.” The sentence should have been: I don’t see any reason why I wouldn’t – or why it wouldn’t be Russia. So just to repeat it, I said the word ‘would’ instead of ‘wouldn’t’ … “I have, on numerous occasions, noted our intelligence findings that Russians attempted to interfere in elections. Unlike previous administrations, my administration has and will continue to move to repeal any efforts – and repel – we will stop it, we will repel it – any efforts to interfere in elections. We’re doing everything in power to prevent Russian interference in 2018.” Anyone who has studied President Trump knows he hates to admit a mistake. His natural pattern is to move forward and ignore mistakes. For him, this was a big correction (and as I noted the day before, it was an absolutely necessary one). . President Trump noted that President Obama and his advisers had information that the Russians had been working to interfere in the election and they ignored it, . President Trump said: “President Obama, along with (then-CIA Director John) Brennan and (then Director of National Intelligence James) Clapper and the whole group that you see on television now – probably getting paid a lot of money by your networks – they knew about Russia’s attempt to interfere in the election in September, and they totally buried it. And as I said, they buried it . It turned out it didn’t happen that way. “By contrast, my administration has taken a very firm stance – – on a strong action. We’re going to take to secure our election systems and the process.” There are two key facts in this statement. First, the very people who have been in attacking President Trump about his performance at the Helsinki summit are the people who failed to protect America from Russian meddling in 2016. intensity and of former CIA Director Brennan and former Director of National Intelligence Clapper is an attempt to distract attention from their failure . It was their duty in 2016 – not candidate Trump’s. Second, the Trump administration has been far tougher on Russia than President Obama ever dreamed of being. is taking real actions designed to weaken Russia and force Putin to change his behavior. has levied tough sanctions on Russia. Also, President Trump’s public lecture about Germany not buying natural gas from Russia was aimed at cutting Putin off from hard currency worth tens of billions of dollars and further weakening the Russian economy. Furthermore, President Trump’s efforts to get our European allies to increase their defense spending has a direct impact on Putin. . Beyond pressuring allies, consider these specific steps President Trump has taken against Russia: Where President Obama refused to provide serious weapons to the Ukrainians to help them defend themselves (his response was ), President Trump has approved the sale of offensive weapons to enable the Ukrainians to increase the cost of Russian aggression. When the Russians used chemical weapons in Great Britain, President Trump joined allies and expelled 60 Russian intelligence officers from the United States. When the Russians retaliated, closed the Russian consulate in Seattle. President Trump had previously shuttered the Russian consulate in San Francisco and smaller annexes in Washington and New York. More than 100 Russian individuals and companies have been sanctioned for a variety of reasons. Despite the hysteria of the left, it is impossible to see as anything but in its dealing with Russia. Nothing done in Helsinki made life easier for the Putin regime in its continued economic decay and diplomatic isolation due to the sanctions regime. Finally, a brief word about the strong language and comments about the president. We are in the early stages of a cultural civil war in which the left sees itself losing. This is what led me to write my new New York Times best-selling book, “: The Truth About .” With each passing month the radical-extremist wing of the Democratic Party dominates the progressive wing more and more. With President Trump’s nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, it was clear that anyone Trump nominated was going to be attacked. In fact, the demonstrators protesting the nomination had signs for all four of the finalists and were instantly ready to oppose the president regardless of his choice. Similarly, Obama-era national security officials seem determined to use the language to attack President Trump. I think their strong words and are . Whatever the Russians did, they did while Brennan was director of the CIA, Clapper was director of national intelligence, and James Comey was head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. These former officials attack Trump to hide their own failure and their own guilt. Just keep that in mind the next time you see one of them on TV. My prediction is that President Trump will remain tough on Russia, and the Helsinki press conference will be seen as the aberration it was. Biblical Illiterates Reverse Romans 13: Teach ! Caesar had his Brutus, Charles the first his Cromwell; And George the third- Treason! - May profit by their example. If this be treason, make the most of it. –Patrick Henry Recently, I received a newspaper article from asking me what my take was on an article titled, “Scripture teaches to submit to authorities” with reference to Romans Chapter 13. In this article, the author was calling out a Christian for protesting a corrupt representative in government, even going so far as to suggest . He went onto say that we are commanded by Scripture to submit to the authorities that have been elected. To start off, . take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. .” That document alone is 75% of the usurpations that committed against our forefathers and what it is that our forefathers would not put up with. Our American history found in that document teaches that our threw off the tyrant that would not be ruled by God and declared “!" Furthermore, the motto of the American Revolution was “.” America’s original national seal was “” with a picture on the inside of the seal showing the Pharaoh being overthrown by the sea with Moses and the children of Israel safe on the shore. , “Resistance to tyranny becomes the Christian duty of each individual… Continue steadfast and, with a proper sense of your dependence on God, nobly defend those rights which Heaven gave, and no man ought to take from us.” (History of the United States of America, Volume. 2 p. 229) Apparently, this individual who wrote the article knows nothing of the Black Robed Regiment that feared the most. The Black Robed regiment, were in fact, the preachers that went before the Forefathers in educating the colonies to resistance when it came to on the other side of the pond. They sacrificed themselves to establish the freedoms in which he enjoys today. The author went on to write that . First of all, the authority given to our representative government is derived from “We the People.” We receive our rights from God, and in turn, delegate power to those who serve “We the People.” . “They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights… Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their powers from the consent of the governed.” -The Declaration of Independence He then quotes Romans 13: 1-7 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. . For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is . Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience sake. For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour. The first Scripture says: Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. God ordained the power, and that “rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil." Did God tell His Church to submit to that which He condemns? (Deuteronomy 25:1; Proverbs 17:15) ! Is the Church to transgress His Laws, or to magnify and enforce His Laws unto judgment? (Psalm 40:8; Romans 3:31) ! If He did, that would make God unjust. Jesus said, "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil” (Matthew 5:17). The Lord has, in fact, commanded nowhere in Scripture for the Church to submit to the wicked. The Bible teaches just the exact opposite. We are to “have no fellowship with the , but rather reprove (expose) them” (Ephesians 5:11). Furthermore, it would contradict what Scripture teaches us from Genesis all the way to Revelation every step of the way. Think of this: Those that serve “,” before taking office, swear to uphold the US Constitution with their hand on the Holy Bible. They are appointed to magnify law against crime, not crime against the law (Psalm 94:20). America is based on Common Law, the Mosaic Institution. Read the 5 books of Moses. “.” –William Blackstone, English Common Law Representatives are to magnify the law, not tear it down; and yet, this is what are teaching others to do, submit to and resist God, His Church and His Word (Micah 3:5). (Exodus 20:13; Proverbs 6:17)? ! (Leviticus 18:22; Romans 1:24 etc…)? ! ? ! Submit to what God condemns? Yet, this is what are teaching in the American Church today. It would do you well to now look to the Christ when He said that we are to beware of the leaven of the Pharisee’s (corrupt doctrines of those who claimed to be ), as well as the leaven of Herod (corrupt doctrines of government) (Mark 8:15). If you remember, it was those same people who called for the crucifixion of Christ while “We have no King but Caesar” (John 19:15). Do these that not realize that every apostle, except John, was killed by opposed to their endeavors? Christians throughout history were imprisoned, tortured, or killed by for refusing to submit to their various, lawless policies and prohibitions. Did Christian martyrs violate God’s principles of submission to authority? . Also, keep in mind that magistrates have limited and defined authority in civil matters. Take note that civil government is to be, and must be, .” It has no power or authority to terrorize good works or . God never gave them that authority and any, and all, government that oversteps the divine authority and its boundaries has no divine authority or protection. Civil government is a “minister for God to thee for good” (Romans 13:4). It is not a minister of God for evil. Civil magistrates have a divine duty to “.” (1 John 4:6). To tell Christians to submit to is teaching the opposite of what is true. Common sense does come into play here. I ask, did Moses violate God's principle of submission when he was commanded by God, “Go in unto Pharaoh, and tell him, Thus saith , Let my people go, that they may serve me” (Exodus 9:1). And when Pharaoh refused, God plagued the Pharaoh and the Egyptians and set His children free. Think of this, was sent to the face of the Pharaoh . Is this what is being preached from the pulpits across America today? Or what of Gideon who was to deliver the Children of Israel from the Midianites? The first thing the Lord commanded him to do was to tear down his father's altars (Judges 6:25). Was this a violation of God's principles of submission? The sins of the fathers were the reason the Midianites had power to oppress them. What of that lone prophet, Elijah? Ahab called him . Elijah set the record straight when he answered, "I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of , and thou hast followed Baalim (1 Kings 18:18). Is this a when it came to submission to authority? Elijah took Ahab and the false prophets to the top of Mount Carmel where the God of Israel consumed the sacrifice by fire, and the false prophets were killed (1 Kings 18:38-40). What of King David? Was he violating God’s principles of submission when he refused to surrender himself to Saul’s troops? David was a king that was to overthrow corrupt governments by dispossessing them and establishing righteousness through justice and judgment (Jeremiah 23:5; Isaiah 51:4). Did Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego violate God's principle of submission when they refused to worship King Nebuchadnezzar’s image? Then the princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up. Then an herald , To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages, That at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king hath set up: And . Daniel 3:3-6 When they refused to submit to , the furnace was heated up 7 times hotter so that the guards were consumed, only to have the fourth man, “like the Son of man,” show up to deliver them where the fire had no power over them, and not a hair of their heads was singed. In the end, Only acknowledges the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. “Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God.” Daniel 3:28 Did Daniel violate God's principles of submission when he disobeyed the king's order to stop praying to any god but himself? Keep in mind that the punishment was that Daniel was thrown into a den of lions in which God sent forth an angel to protect him. His accusers were then thrown into the den and devoured by the very lions that they meant to have devoured Daniel (Daniel 6). What of Jeremiah? Was he violating God's principles of submission when he was sent to preach repentance to the corrupt church and the corrupt kings? For, behold, I have made thee this day a defenced city, and an iron pillar, and brasen walls against the whole land, against the kings of Judah, against the princes thereof, against the priests thereof, and against the people of the land. Jeremiah 1:18 Don’t forget about Amos, who was prophesying judgment upon of his day (Amos 7:10-16). Was that violating, or fulfilling God's principles and purposes? What of the New Testament? John the Baptist points out of King Herod (Luke 3:19). Was this a violation of submission to civil government? No, it was a rebuke to corruption in government to submit to the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and His laws. Is it a violation of submission to God's principles to keep preaching, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins…”? ! along with did the opposite. “Being grieved that they taught the people, and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead. And they laid hands on them, and put them in hold unto the next day: for it was now eventide. Howbeit many of them which heard the word believed; and the number of the men was about five thousand. And it came to pass on the morrow, that their rulers, and elders, and scribes, and Annas the high priest, and Caiaphas, and John, and Alexander, and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest, were gathered together at Jerusalem. And when they had set them in the midst, they asked, By what power, or by what name, have ye done this? Then Peter, filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel, If we this day be examined of the good deed done to , by what means he is made whole; Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole. This is the stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner. Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John, and perceived that they were , they marvelled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus. And beholding the man which was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it. But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves, Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it. But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name. And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus. But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you