in 2005 at a Congressional Black Caucus meeting, but did not make public because he believed it would have “made a difference” to Obama’s political future. The photographer, Askia Muhammad, told the Trice Edney News Wire that he “gave the picture up at the time and basically swore secrecy.” “But after the nomination was secured and all the way up until the inauguration; then for eight years after he was President, it was kept under cover,” Muhammad said. Asked whether he thought the photo’s release would have affected Obama’s presidential campaign, Muhammad said, “I insist. It absolutely would have made a difference.” Reached by TPM on Thursday, Muhammad said a “staff member” for the CBC contacted him “” after he took the photo at a caucus meeting in 2005. TPM has published the photo above with Muhammad’s permission. “I sort of understood what was going on,” Muhammad told TPM. “I promised and made arrangements to give the picture to Leonard Farrakhan,” the minister’s son-in-law and chief of staff. Muhammad said he gave away “the disk” from his camera but “copied the photograph from that day onto a file” on his computer. “Realizing that I had given it up, I mean, it was sort of like a promise to keep the photograph secret,” Muhammad said. Muhammad said he did not release his copy of the photograph because he thought it would be perceived as a betrayal of that promise: “I was really, I guess, afraid of them.” Malcolm X wasn’t adequately afraid of them. Here’s what happened to him: https://youtu.be/qSm1t3Uv9QI Muhammad said he thought the photograph would be “damaging politically” if it were released and , like “that Watergate .” He said he “felt a little bit more at ease” after Farrakhan in 2016 claimed that Obama visited his home in Chicago. Muhammad contacted Farrakhan in autumn 2017 with the “final manuscript” for a self-published book containing the photo. “I sent him a copy of the manuscript suggesting that, showing him the picture, and saying to him, if he did not object, I was going to publish it,” Muhammad said. “He had no objection.” … During Obama’s presidential campaign, conservatives pushed multiple apparently racially motivated conspiracy theories about Obama’s religion and supposed ties to Islam. For example, in Obama’s memoir subtitled A Story of Race and Inheritance, Obama recounts his being a regular reader of Minister Farrakhan’s Nation of Islam newspaper The Final Call. Obama recollects Farrakhan’s black nationalist capitalist campaign to get black people to use toothpaste manufactured by -owned businesses. Farrakhan’s eventual failure suggests to Obama that’s there is more economic upside for blacks in than in building their own. During the 2008 presidential election, conservatives questioned the indirect ties between Farrakhan and Obama, who attended a church that gave Farrakhan an award. Obama’s “” Rev. Jeremiah Wright gave Farrakhan his church’s Lifetime Achievement award in a downtown Chicago Hyatt Regency in November 2007, but the story didn’t make the press until the following year. Similarly, very little media attention was paid to the close relationship between Obama’s fundraiser and private mentor Tony Rezko and the Nation of Islam, even though Rezko’s role was business manager for Nation of Islam assets, such as the career of Muhammad Ali. But after all, what could be more boring than a story than involves a Presidential candidate, the Syrian Christian crook who helped him buy his house, the Nation of Islam, and the most famous boxer of all time? . Man who sold ammo to Las Vegas gunman speaks out © Provided by CBS Interactive Inc. Douglas Haig New documents reveal the name of the second person of interest in the Las Vegas shooting. Police believe Douglas Haig may have conspired with gunman Stephen Paddock, but it's unclear if he's still under investigation. Haig sold Paddock ammunition the month before the October attack that killed 58 people dead and wounded hundreds of others. Mandalay Bay hotel staff had numerous run-ins with Vegas gunman: companyLas Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock had lost money, been depressed, sheriff says Haig was contacted one day after the attack, after investigators found an Amazon box with his address on it inside Paddock's hotel room, reports CBS News correspondent Mireya Villarreal. But Haig says he had no idea what Paddock was planning to do when he met him just a few weeks before the massacre. Haig says he sold Paddock 720 rounds of ammunition from Haig's home gun business. "I couldn't detect anything wrong with this guy," he said. "He told me exactly what he wanted. I handed him a box with the ammunition in it, and he paid me and he left." The rounds he sold are called "tracer ammunition" – bullets that leave a visible trail when fired. "He said he was going to go put on a light show. And I can't remember whether he said for or with his friends, but that's what he did say," Haig said. But newly released search warrant records filed last fall by the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department say Haig "may have conspired with Stephen Paddock to commit murder with a deadly weapon." Haig strongly denies that. "I felt that they were hoping that they could find a connection between myself and Paddock, that would go back showing that I supplied him with most of his ammunition, possibly even some firearms," Haig said. "They're not gonna find it. I talked to the guy three times." It's unclear whether Haig is still a person of interest, but he was the only one mentioned by name in the search warrant, other than Marilou Danley - Paddock's girlfriend. Authorities have since said they don't plan to bring charges against Danley. Las Vegas gunman's motive still unknown Haig does not blame himself, but within weeks of the massacre, he still decided to shut down his business. "I'm still for what did I miss. Why didn't I pick this up?" he said. Haig, represented by his Phoenix attorneys Marc Victor and Andrew Marcantel, has not been charged. His attorneys say he continues to cooperate with investigators. CBS News reached out to the FBI and other authorities involved, but none will comment on an active investigation. Lawyer: Ammo dealer saw nothing suspicious in Vegas gunman An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in was disturbed that he didn't spot any suspicious signs about his one-time customer, the man's lawyer said Wednesday. Douglas Haig had no reason to believe Stephen Paddock would launch the Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas that killed 58 people, attorney Marc Victor said. He said Haig wishes he could have figured out the intentions of Paddock but defends the sale of ammunition as legal. "He wishes there was some clue that could have identified him," Victor said. "There was just nothing." Meanwhile, the coroner in Las Vegas started releasing redacted autopsy records about the 58 people killed in the mass shooting at an outdoor concert. Records relating to Paddock were not being provided. The records were released Wednesday in response to a public records lawsuit filed by The Associated Press and Las Vegas Review-Journal. Haig was named as a "person of interest" in the investigation by mistake Tuesday when court documents were released nearly four months after the shooting. The documents did not disclose why authorities considered Haig a person of interest, and officials haven't said whether he has since been cleared of that designation. Victor said his client sold ammunition to Paddock once and doesn't believe they have communicated since. "He is as connected (to Paddock) as ," Victor said. Las Vegas police and officials with the FBI, U.S. attorney's office in Nevada and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives each declined Wednesday to comment about Haig or the investigation. A law enforcement official told The Associated Press in October that Paddock bought 1,000 rounds of tracer ammunition from a private seller he met at a Phoenix gun show three weeks before the shooting. The official spoke anonymously because they weren't authorized to disclose case information. Tracer bullets contain a pyrotechnic charge that illuminates the path of fired bullets so shooters can see whether their aim is correct. Haig told the AP on Tuesday that he sold unspecified ammunition to Paddock. He also told "CBS This Morning" on Wednesday that he sold more than 700 rounds of ammunition to Paddock. "I couldn't detect anything wrong with this guy," he said of Paddock. The ammunition sale took place at Haig's home in Mesa, because he didn't have all the ammunition on hand that Paddock wanted while at the gun show. Victor said a box that Paddock used to carry ammunition out of Haig's house and bore his client's name was later found in the Las Vegas hotel where the attack was launched. It's unknown whether the ammunition Haig sold to Paddock was used in the attack. The lawyer said the type and quantity of ammunition Paddock bought from his client wasn't unusual. Robert Spitzer, an expert on firearms and the Second Amendment, said by and large there are no restrictions on the amount of ammunition a person can buy, but a large sale of tracer ammunition would certainly be unusual. Only six states in the U.S. have laws requiring that ammunition buyers pass a background check. Arizona and Nevada do not have such a requirement, nor do they mandate that dealers keep a record of ammunition transactions. "If you are in the business of selling anything, you are usually happy to make the sale, and there's nothing that says you need to write down this person's name or report the sale," said Spitzer, who is the chairman of political science at the State University of New York at Cortland. Victor said his client has cooperated with investigators who contacted him within 24 hours of the shooting and has spoken to them probably four or five times, though he hasn't talked to them in months. Haig describes himself as a senior engineer for Honeywell Aerospace in his biography on the professional and social media platform LinkedIn. Records show Haig also owns Specialized Military Ammunition LLC. The company's website says it sold tracer and incendiary ammunition but is now "closed indefinitely." Haig's name was blacked out in the more than 270 pages of search warrant records released by a Nevada judge to the AP, but remained on one page of documents provided to the Las Vegas Review-Journal. The newspaper published the name online. Clark County District Court Judge Elissa Cadish later ordered the full document not be published without redactions, but she acknowledged she couldn't order the newspaper to retract the name. Haig plans to hold a news conference Friday to discuss his interaction with Paddock. Garcia Cano reported from Las Vegas. Associated Press writers Ken Ritter in Las Vegas and Anita Snow in Phoenix contributed to this report. Billeaud reported from Phoenix. India Joins U.S. and China With Plans to Visit the Moon So far, no one has ever managed to land on the far side of the moon, or near its shadowy poles. India wants to tackle both those firsts this year, with its Chandrayaan-2 mission, a trio of orbiter, lander and rover that would represent the country's second visit to the moon. The mission is scheduled to launch sometime in the first half of this year, no earlier than March. Its target is a patch of lunar surface about 370 miles away from the south pole, where scientists think the rock may be 4 billion years old, formed just after the moon's giant ocean of liquid rock began to solidify. The region is an area NASA would also like to visit, preferably with a robot that would bring souvenir rock home to Earth for scientists to analyze directly in the laboratory. But despite NASA's renewed focus on lunar exploration, as dictated in December by an order from President Trump, the agency won't beat India back to the moon. Dibyangshu Sarkar/AFP/Getty Images That's even after India's Chandrayaan-2 mission was delayed by three years after Russia backed out of designing and producing the mission's lander. Rather than lose out on that part of the mission, the Indian Space Research Organization decided to just do it themselves. But they aren't sure how long they can expect the mission to last once the lander and rover arrive—it could be over in as little as two weeks, ending as soon as the sun sets, since the mission runs on solar power and the polar area is quite shadowy even during the day. During that time, the team hopes to gather data about charged particles around the moon and the small "moonquakes" that ripple through its surface. Read more: China Prepares for Moon Colony By Keeping Students in 'Lunar Palace' for 200 Days See all of the best photos of the week in these slideshows The new mission's predecessor, Chandrayaan-1, was an orbiter that found the first evidence that there was water ice on the moon. Now, scientists know that ice is likely concentrated at the poles, where it could become an important resource for human and robotic explorers alike. The orbiter piece of the upcoming mission will look to build on its predecessor by mapping how water actually moves around the moon. In the long term, India has its sights set well beyond the moon, with dreams of visiting Mars, Venus or an asteroid. Coroner Defies Court Order: Won't Release Las Vegas Shooter's Autopsy Report Clark County Nevada Coroner John Fudenberg has determined to defy a court order from a district court judge to release the autopsy report of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock. Though the order was issued on Tuesday, Fudenberg conferred with others and seems determined to not release the autopsy report until, as he said, it is "finalized," The Las Vegas Review-Journal reported, which sued for the autopsy report. , it's been four months already! The body has been cremated! ? “I don’t believe this is consistent with what the court ordered,” said Las Vegas attorney Maggie McLetchie, who represents the Las Vegas Review-Journal and The Associated Press in their November action demanding the release of the reports. “They (the coroner’s office) have delayed this for too long, and whatever stage the coroner’s report on Paddock is in, it should be provided to the Review-Journal and Associated Press without further delay. . Release the records.” “The court correctly recognized the presumption of public access to records, even when a mass tragedy occurs,” McLetchie added. “(The judge) also rejected arguments by the coroner’s office that there were any privacy interests with regards to the autopsy of Stephen Paddock, let alone any that outweighed the strong presumption of access to records in Nevada.” “The shooter’s body was cremated Dec. 21," said Review-Journal Editor-in-Chief Keith Moyer added. "? The law is squarely on the side of the public’s right to open government.” ! . McLetchie has been trying to obtain as much information for the public as possible, including video of Paddock at the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino. However, she has been told by Las Vegas Metro Police Department attornies that they can't release that information until they finalize their investigation into other suspects which may also produce charges in the case. “The coroner’s office has fought to keep autopsy reports confidential,” the Review-Journal. The coroner was ordered on January 11 to pay nearly $32,000 in legal costs to the Review-Journal because it refused to release public records. While the preliminary report indicated the Paddock died of a gun shot wound to the head through the mouth, it's all the details that aren't given that seem to be problematic for the coroner to release. . Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Las Vegas Coverup: Clark County Coroner Releases 58 Autopsy Reports With All Names Redacted, No Ballistics, And No Stephen Paddock Autopsy It appears that a further cover-up is underway in regards to the 1 October massacre in which 58 people were killed LAS VEGAS (INTELLIHUB) — The Coroner finally released the autopsy for the 58 victims but not for the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock after a judge ruled that the coroner release all the documents and pay $32,000 in legal fees. . This, despite the fact that the report does state that recovered bullet fragments were turned over to the police. Moreover, against public law, the coroner has still not released the autopsy report for “Stephen Paddock” after an Intellihub article definitively proved the body recovered in Mandalay Bay room 32-135 was not Paddock’s. In fact, the coroner claims that he still has to “finalize” the report despite the fact the autopsy was conducted. Trump Effect: Islamic Republic Ceases Naval Provocations in Arabian Gulf Yesterday’s State of the Union address issued by Donald Trump represented a refreshing break from the eight years of foreign policies pursued by past administration. Nowhere was this more evident than in the manner in which Trump described Iran’s repressive regime and attempts by the Iranian people to overthrow it through peaceful protest. When it comes to Iran’s governing authorities, the Trump administration is under no illusions about . “We are restoring clarity about our adversaries,” Trump stated in a not too subtle jibe at his predecessor who seemed to be in a perpetual state of confusion about who his friends and enemies were. Trump also referenced the recent widespread Iranian protests, crushed with extreme ruthlessness by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Basij auxiliary militia. “When the people of Iran rose up against the crimes of a corrupt dictatorship,” he stated, “I did not stay silent. By contrast, Barack Obama and his were besotted by the prospect of forging détente with the of the Islamic Republic. His administration remained largely silent when Iranians took to the streets in 2009 to protest a rigged election. Some have speculated that his administration missed out on a prime opportunity for regime change. It was only downhill from there. In a to secure Iran’s willingness to sign the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, . He tried selling the American people on the naïve notion that there were moderate elements of import in the Iranian government, ignoring the obvious fact that all authority in Iran is vested with the Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, and his IRGC henchmen. The tried and true concept of peace through strength gave way to . Ransom payments to the tune of $1.7 billion were transferred to Iran. Promising criminal investigations targeting Iran’s chief terror proxy, Hezbollah, were shut down. Targeted liquidation operations by our Israeli allies against Iranian Quds Force leaders were foiled after Obama tipped off Tehran on Israel’s intentions. Iranian material breaches of the JCPOA were all but ignored while Iran’s ballistic missile program was allowed to proceed at full speed despite being in defiance of United Nations Security Council resolution 2231. Obama’s near in his interactions with the mullahs severely compromised America’s national security and weakened its image on the international stage. Worse, it emboldened the mullahs (appeasement tends to do that) who seemed to revel in . Iran’s extends far and wide but it is in the Arabian Gulf where friction between the IRGC and