Next plague outbreak in Madagascar could be 'stronger': WHO Geneva - The World Health Organisation chief on Wednesday said a deadly plague epidemic to have been brought under control in Madagascar, but warned the next outbreak would likely be stronger. "," WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus told reporters in Geneva, insisting that "the issue is serious." An outbreak of both bubonic plague, which is spread by infected rats via flea bites, and pneumonic plague, spread person to person, has killed more than 200 people in the Indian Ocean island nation since August. Madagascar has suffered bubonic plague outbreaks almost every year since 1980, often caused by rats fleeing forest fires. The disease tends to make a comeback each hot rainy season, from September to April. On average, between 300 and 600 infections are recorded every year among a population approaching 25 million people, according to a UN estimate. But Tedros voiced alarm that "plague in Madagascar behaved in way this year." Cases sprang up far earlier than usual and, instead of being confined to the countryside, the disease infiltrated towns. The authorities recorded more than 2 000 cases, and Tedros said Wednesday the death toll stood at 207. . He praised the rapid response from WHO and Madagascar authorities that helped bring the outbreak under control, . The larger-than-usual outbreak had helped spread the bacteria that causes the plague more widely. This along with poor sanitation and vector control on Madagascar meant that "," Tedros said. "That means that Madagascar could be affected more, and not only that, ," he warned. Complicating vector control is the fact that the fleas that carry the Yersinia pestis bacteria that causes the plague have proven to be widely resistant to chemicals and insecticides. "That's a dangerous combination," Tedros said. US bloggers banned from entering UK Two prominent US bloggers have been banned from entering the UK, the Home Office has said. Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer co-founded anti-Muslim group . They were due to speak at an English Defence League march in Woolwich, where Drummer Lee Rigby was killed. A government spokesman said individuals whose presence "is not conducive to the public good" could be excluded by the home secretary. He added: " and will not stand for extremism in any form." 'Right decision' Ms Geller, of the Atlas Shrugs blog, and Mr Spencer, of Jihad Watch, are also co-founders of the American Freedom Defense Initiative, best known for a pro-Israel " poster campaign on the New York subway. On both of their blogs the pair called their bans from entering the UK "" and said the ". They were due to attend a march planned by the far-right EDL to mark Armed Forces Day on 29 June, ending in Woolwich, south east London, where soldier Drummer Rigby was murdered last month. Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, who had called for the bloggers to be banned from the UK, said: "I welcome the home secretary's ban on Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer from entering the country. This is the right decision. EDL leader Tommy Robinson, meanwhile, criticised the decision and said Ms Geller and Mr Spencer were coming to the UK to lay flowers at the place where Drummer Rigby died. "It's embarrassing for this ," he said. "How many are living in this country? It just shows what sort of a two-tier system we have here." 'Foster hatred' Anti-fascism campaigners Hope Not Hate had campaigned for the pair to not be allowed into the UK. A researcher with the organisation, Matthew Collins, said it was ". "These two are among some of the most extreme anti-Muslim activists in the world. They've nothing to contribute to life in this country. "They're not here to contribute to good community relations. They only wanted to come here and help the EDL stir up more trouble. Britain doesn't need more hate even just for a few days." Mr Spencer put up a copy of what appears to be the exclusion decision from the Home Office on the Jihad Watch website, while Ms Geller posted a copy of her letter on her website, Atlas Shrugs. The letters, both dated Tuesday, claim that both activists have fallen within the scope of a list of unacceptable behaviours by making statements which may "foster hatred" and lead to "inter-community violence" in the UK. Both letters gave examples of anti-Muslim views stated by both and went on to say that should they be allowed to enter the UK the home secretary believes they would "continue to espouse such views". Kate Steinle's death at the hands of a Mexican national became a flashpoint in the immigration debate — here's the story behind her killing The surprise acquittal of Jose Ines Garcia Zarate in the shooting death of San Francisco woman Kate Steinle set off a Thursday night, as top conservatives and critics of so-called "sanctuary cities" . Garcia Zarate, a 45-year-old Mexican national who was homeless and living in the US illegally when he fired the shot that killed Steinle, was acquitted by a jury on murder and manslaughter charges. The jury convicted him of the lesser charge of being a felon in possession of a gun, which carries a maximum sentence of three years in state prison. Steinle, 32, was fatally shot while she walked along Pier 14 of the San Francisco Bay with her father in July 2015. The bullet that pierced her back had ricocheted off the concrete ground after it was fired by Garcia Zarate from a handgun belonging to a federal ranger that had been stolen four days earlier. Garcia Zarate's defense attorneys argued that the shooting was an accident — they said he found the gun wrapped in a T-shirt or cloth under a pier bench and unintentionally discharged it. Lead attorney Matt Gonzalez has argued that the weapon was a SIG Sauer with a "" — a model well-known for accidental discharges even among experienced shooters. Gonzalez told the jury, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, that Garcia Zarate had never handled a firearm before, was frightened by the noise of the gunshot, then flung the weapon into the bay where it was later found by a diver. Prosecutors, however, alleged that Garcia Zarate brought the weapon to the pier deliberately to do harm, and intentionally aimed and shot Steinle after firmly pulling the trigger. They said Garcia Zarate then threw the weapon into the bay and fled the scene. Beyond the shooting itself, perhaps the most controversial aspect of Garcia Zarate's case involves his previous criminal activity and history of deportations, and how San Francisco and federal authorities handled his custody before he ever picked up the gun and shot Steinle. At the time of Steinle's death, Garcia Zarate had been convicted of nonviolent drug crimes and deported five times since the early 1990s. He faced a sixth deportation in 2015, and was in Justice Department (DOJ) custody that March after serving 46 months in prison for a felony re-entry into the US, but instead of transferring him into the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for deportation, the department transferred him to the San Francisco County Jail for prosecution of a 1995 marijuana charge. San Francisco prosecutors, who had long ago deprioritized marijuana charges, dismissed the decades-old charge and released Garcia Zarate on April 15, 2015. Due to San Francisco's policy of limiting cooperation with federal immigration authorities — which some refer to as a " — the city did not inform ICE when they released Garcia Zarate. As a result of the case, both the DOJ and the city of San Francisco have changed several policies. The DOJ announced in 2016 it would no longer release potentially deportable detainees to local jails without first allowing ICE to take custody. San Francisco, meanwhile, has adjusted its policy to notify ICE if they are releasing suspected undocumented immigrants who face charges of serious or violent felonies. " ICE Director Thomas Homan said in a statement on Thursday. "It is unconscionable that But ICE has faced criticism of its own over not seeking a judicial warrant to legally obtain custody of Garcia Zarate when it discovered he had been transferred into San Francisco's custody. The agency has argued that obtaining judicial warrants are unnecessary and would place too much burden on ICE officials and federal courts. Though the agency did issue a request to the city to detain Garcia Zarate until ICE officials could pick him up, their detainer requests are not signed by a judge and are therefore not legally binding. San Francisco's policy is to ignore such requests if they are not accompanied by judge-signed warrants, and the city has cited federal court cases concluding that such detentions violate inmates' Fourth Amendment rights. Garcia Zarate's deportation and criminal history made him an effective target for immigration hardliners, who argued that . President Donald Trump immediately seized on the verdict on Thursday as evidence of the perils of "Illegal Immigration." Trump frequently villainized Garcia Zarate and cited Steinle's death during his presidential campaign, using the case to bolster his argument for a border wall and aid his crusade against "sanctuary cities." Early on Friday, Trump also falsely claimed on Twitter that Garcia Zarate had previously committed violent crimes and had illegally entered the US six times due to lax border security under the Obama administration. " came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. His exoneration is . Trump tweeted. In fact, Garcia Zarate had never been convicted of a violent crime before Steinle's shooting — his previous convictions were for nonviolent drug crimes and illegal entry. Lax border security, too, does not appear to be a factor since Garcia Zarate was caught by border patrol agents each time he entered the country under the Obama administration. In contrast, Steinle's family has expressed nuanced views on immigration and "sanctuary" policies. They have both condemned Trump for "sensationalizing" Steinle's death to advance anti-immigration policies, and expressed frustration with San Francisco officials, who they believe went too far in refusing to cooperate with federal immigration authorities. U.S. judge frees Indonesian immigrant held by Trump order A U.S. judge on Wednesday ordered the release of an illegal immigrant who is among 47 Indonesians in New Hampshire challenging the Trump administration’s order to deport them. SPONSORED Rombot, part of a wave of Indonesian Christians who fled their country following deadly riots in 1998, learned of the policy change when he appeared for an Aug. 1 check-in with ICE and was arrested. “He walks out of the courthouse right now,” Chief U.S. District Judge Patti Saris said after concluding that Rombot’s detention violated his rights. He walked out of the U.S. District Court in Boston in his blue jail scrubs, without a chance to change into street clothes. Rombot’s lawyers said he was arrested despite a 2015 letter from ICE saying he would have a chance to prepare for an “orderly” departure. The judge cited that letter during Wednesday’s hearing in holding that Rombot’s detention despite ICE’s previous guidance violated his due process rights under the U.S. Constitution. “This is what intent was, that he would be given the opportunity to leave under his own steam and not under shackles,” she said. Outside the courtroom, Rombot said: “I just want to say thank you to my attorney, my pastor and all of my friends.” The U.S. Attorney’s office is considering an appeal, a spokeswoman said. ICE officials said the arrangement had always been a temporary one and that the agency always had discretion to deport the people covered by the arrangement. The Indonesians are part of an ethnic community of about 2,000 people clustered around the city of Dover in New Hampshire’s seacoast region. Members of the group and advocates say . Their cause has drawn the support of Republican Governor Chris Sununu and New Hampshire’s all-Democratic congressional delegation, including U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen. Saris previously ordered a stay to the deportations. She is currently weighing whether she can order a longer delay to give the affected people time to renew their efforts to gain legal status. Here are all the sexual misconduct accusations against Sen. Al Franken Sen. Al Franken announced his resignationon the Senate floor Thursday morning, as Democratic calls for his resignation mount following the latest sexual misconduct accusations against him. About 30 Senate Democrats, starting with women, have urged the Minnesota Democrat to step down. Franken on Thursday denied most of the allegations, which started to surface last month. Here are the eight accusations he faces: Leeann Tweeden, a radio news anchor, says Franken groped and forcibly kissed her during a USO tour in 2006, before the former comedian was a senator. She says Franken " when the pair rehearsed a skit that featured a kiss. A photo also surfaced showing Franken looking at a camera while pretending to grab Tweeden's breasts as she was sleeping while clothed. The senator apologized for the photo but said he remembered the skit incident differently. Lindsay Menz says Franken grabbed her buttocks when the pair posed for a photo at the Minnesota State Fair in 2010. Franken later said he did not remember taking the picture but "felt badly" that Menz felt disrespected. Two other unidentified women told HuffPost that Franken grabbed their buttocks at separate events in 2007 and 2008. One of the women says Franken suggested that he and she should go to the bathroom together. Franken said he did not remember the events and denied asking anyone to visit the bathroom with him. Stephanie Kemplin, an Army veteran, says Franken put his hand on her breast during a USO tour in 2003. In a statement following that accusation, . A woman described as a "former elected official in New England" told the Jezebel website that Franken tried to give her a " during an event in 2006. The senator has not appeared to respond specifically to the allegation. An unnamed former Democratic congressional aide told Politico that the senator tried to forcibly kiss her after he taped a radio show in 2006. She says she avoided the kiss, then heard Franken say "it's my right as an entertainer." Franken called the allegation "categorically not true." Tina Dupuy writes in The Atlantic that Franken put his hand around her waist while the pair posed for a photo during an event in 2009. The senator has not specifically responded to that allegation. Trump formally nominates Gina Haspel to be next CIA director WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump formally notified Congress on Tuesday that deputy CIA director Gina Haspel is his pick to lead the agency. Trump tweeted last month that he had selected Haspel to replace Mike Pompeo, who is being considered to be secretary of state. But the president had not sent the formal paperwork to Capitol Hill. Logistical issues, including an FBI background check that took longer than expected, was to blame, according to a U.S. official, who was not authorized to discuss the issue and spoke only on condition of anonymity. Still, the delay prompted critics to speculate that . Some lawmakers and human rights groups oppose Haspel’s nomination because of her role in the CIA’s detention and harsh interrogation of terror suspects after 9/11. The Senate intelligence committee is expected to have a confirmation hearing for Haspel in coming weeks, followed by a vote in the full Senate. Dallas Police Dept. fires officer who killed Botham Jean in his apartment The Dallas Police Department fired Officer Amber Guyger on Monday, two weeks after she was charged in the fatal shooting of her neighbor. This contradicted the police chief’s recent statements that she was unable to discipline the officer while a criminal investigation proceeded. Guyger allegedly walked into the apartment of the neighbor, Botham Jean, and fatally shot him Sept 6. When she was arrested three days later on manslaughter charges, Guyger said she confused Jean’s home for her own, confused Jean for an intruder, and shot him when he refused her commands, according to court documents. The victim’s family has disputed her account and said she had knocked on Jean’s door before killing him. The incident — one of more than 700 police killings counted by The Washington Post this year — sparked criticism against the police department, which waited days to arrest Guyger, then went weeks without disciplining her even though she was placed on leave. “The delay raised questions about why investigators held off on arresting the officer and about whether law enforcement authorities were showing deferential treatment for one of their own,” Kristine Phillips and Deanna Paul wrote for The Post. After repeated protests, Police Chief U. Reneé Hall gave contradictory explanations last week for why she could not fire the officer. She told a town hall that “local, state and federal laws prohibit me from taking action,” according to ABC affiliate WFAA. Two days later, the Dallas Morning News reported that police could fire Guyger but did not plan to review her employment until a criminal investigation wrapped up — probably months away. In a statement, Hall said that any disciplinary investigation would risk compromising the criminal case. “That is not a risk I am willing to take,” she said. Police did not explain what changed by Monday, when the department announced that an internal-affairs investigation had been launched and already “concluded” that Guyger’s arrest was a fireable offense. The officer, who was hired in late 2013, was terminated during a hearing Monday morning “for her actions.” The statement notes that Guyger can appeal her firing. Police did not comment on whether Hall is still worried that the termination might affect the criminal investigation. As Paul wrote for The Post, the more significant legal questions are whether Guyger is prosecuted as a police officer or civilian and whether a jury decides she acted reasonably in using deadly force. Kavanaugh Nomination Is The president is doubling down on an increasingly risky candidate. Justice Anthony Kennedy gave President Donald Trump when he announced his resignation in the spring. Even though not everything that’s gone wrong is Trump’s fault, he has managed to make a of Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to fill the empty seat on the court. It’s a good example of more than a year and a half into his administration. To begin with, Trump has outsourced his judicial nominations to outside, party-aligned groups, the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society. That included an unusually central role for the Federalist Society’s Leonard Leo. That wasn’t entirely a Trump mistake. His decision during the campaign to release a list of potential justices drafted by Leo . The party was worried that Trump might turn out not to be a conservative; to reassure them, he publicly committed to their top goal. In some ways, that’s successful coalition-building, and what he’s done in office is just keeping his promises on judges. Still, it’s one thing to form an alliance with conservatives; it’s another to turn the whole process over to them. We don’t know to what extent Kavanaugh was Trump’s choice and