be any doubt about the secret agenda and outcome of this Synod, Cardinal Baldisseri raises the exclusion rainbow flag. Baldisseri notes that the upcoming Synod is to “make the entire Church aware of its important mission to accompany every young person, none excluded.” This papacy is awash in the prissy, pop psycho speak, jargon of accompaniment, listening, and dialogue dazzling the media with empty tropes and luring the uncatechized into its globalist mantra of one world new age religion. Not surprisingly, Baldisseri never once mentions that word, dogma in the Instrumentum Laboris, but effuses about accompaniment 136 times! This doltish and dimwitted document wreaks of , insults the intelligence of young people, and . Welcome to the dumbing down of the Catholic Faith by the St. Gallen Mafia and their don, Jorge Bergoglio. This Synod will exploit the youth and seminarians, just like Ted McCarrick. The handwriting is all over the 37 foot Vatican wall. The time to take a stand against this radical hijacking of Holy Mother Church is now. . . . It has all the markings of a Gay Pride Rally. __________________________________________ Elizabeth Yore is an attorney and international child rights advocate who has investigated clergy sex abuse cases. Trump To Jeff Sessions: Put An End to Russia Probe - Finally. President Donald Trump took to Twitter Wednesday to call on his Attorney General Jeff Sessions to shut down special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. . He has to go. . It’s . Sessions is a weak sister. He has to go. BREAKING NEWS: TRUMP TELLS JEFF SESSIONS TO PUT AN END TO RUSSIA PROBE AS HE CLAIMS White House WON’T say if Trump will order Jeff Sessions to fire Robert Mueller But the president tweeted Wednesday that Sessions should end Mueller’s probe Sessions recused himself from Russia-election-meddling matters in March 2017 That led to Mueller’s appointment as an outside investigator, not loyal to Trump New tension comes as former Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort goes on trial, facing unrelated financial-crime charges, with Mueller’s team prosecuting him Donald Trump has ratcheted up his pressure on Attorney General Jeff Sessions, saying in a tweet that ‘,’ the president tweeted. ‘Bob Mueller is , and !’ The White House ignored a Wednesday Wednesday about whether Trump will and order Sessions to fire Mueller. Trump’s mention of 17 prosecution lawyers is a reference to what he claims is an abundance of Democrats on Mueller’s staff. The special counsel himself is a Republican. take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Sessions, who was a Trump campaign adviser and the first sitting senator to endorse his candidacy, recused himself from the Russia probe in March 2016 because he expected the campaign to be one focus of the investigation. That gave the reins to his deputy Rod Rosenstein, who later appointed Mueller. Trump has publicly criticized Sessions before, tweeting in June that ’ was only proceeding ‘because Jeff Sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himself.’ ‘I would have quickly picked someone else. … and Sessions knew better than most that there was No Collusion’ with the Kremlin,’ he added. The new tensions between the president and the nation’s top law enforcer come as Mueller’s team is prosecuting former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort on money laundering, tax evasion and bank fraud charges. The allegations in that trial, which began Tuesday, are related to Manafort’s financial dealings long before he was involved in the 2016 election cycle. But firing Mueller would likely send a signal to Democrats that the White House is worried about from a Manafort conviction just three months before the congressional midterm elections. Still, Trump with a new intensity on Wednesday, following. ‘Russian Collusion with the Trump Campaign, ,’ he wrote. ‘!’ Trump To Sessions In Series Of Tweets: ‘Stop !’ President Donald Trump has taken to Twitter in order to call upon Attorney General Jeff Sessions to end the investigation into his alleged Russian collusion. Trump wants the Justice Department to “stop ” before it can “.” In his Twitter post, Trump also that are doing . ..This is a terrible situation and Attorney General Jeff Sessions should stop this right now, . Bob Mueller is , and ! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018 “..This is a terrible situation and . Bon Mueller is , and !” Trump wrote. And Trump is far from the only American who sees the investigation as . Many Twitter users have taken his side, while many others believe firmly in the Russian conspiracy theory. The president made his comments in a series of Tweets earlier this morning. “FBI Agent Peter Strzok (on the Mueller team) should have recused himself on day one. He was out to . He needed an insurance policy. Those are illegal, improper goals, trying to influence the Election. .....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018 .....remain in the FBI while he himself was being investigated. This is a real issue. It won’t go into a Mueller Report because Mueller is going to protect these guys. Mueller has an interest in creating the illusion of objectivity around his investigation.” ALAN DERSHOWITZ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 1, 2018 !!! This is just (Mueller) !!! It's time and cancel this !!! !!! Comfortably Smug (@ComfortablySmug) August 1, 2018 Attorney General Sessions recused himself from overseeing the investigation early in 2017. The New York Times hypothesized that this was done, in part, to avoid the kind of conflicts such as that which Trump has proposed. Later, a special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, was appointed to carry out the investigation. Trump’s lawyers, Rudolph W. Giuliani and Jay A. Sekulow, said in a telephone interview that the president was not ordering the inquiry closed but simply expressing his opinion via the social media platform. “It’s not a call to action,” Mr. Giuliani said, adding that it was a sentiment that Mr. Trump and his lawyers have expressed publicly before. “He’s expressing his opinion, but he’s not talking of his special powers he has” as president, Giuliani said. “He doesn’t feel that he has to intervene in the process, nor is he intervening,” said Sekulow. The special counsel is also looking into some of Trump’s tweets about Attorney General Sessions and the former F.B.I. director James Comey and whether the messages were intended to “obstruct the inquiry” into his alleged Russian collusion. Senator Patrick Leahy, a Democrat of Vermont, suggested on Twitter that the president’s directive to Sessions in these recent Tweets was, in fact, obstruction. When I was a prosecutor, obstruction of justice was often hard to prove, requiring difficult-to-obtain evidence that the individual’s actions were truly intended to interfere with an ongoing criminal investigation. Oh how times have changed. https://t.co/CjSahy (@SenatorLeahy) August 1, 2018 The ongoing battle against the Trump presidency and the debate over what constitutes opinion vs. “obstruction of justice” doesn’t appear to have an end date in sight. Although, according to Guiliani, Mueller suggested that the Russia obstruction probe would be wrapping up by September 1. We’ll all be waiting with bated breath. Trump calls on Sessions to stop Mueller’s Russia probe, raising specter of attempted obstruction WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions to “stop right now,” opening the president to further complaints that he is trying to obstruct the investigation into Russia’s election interference and his campaign’s possible complicity. Trump is already reportedly under investigation for potential obstruction of the Russia probe led by special counsel Robert S. Mueller III. The tweet early Wednesday was seemingly aimed at getting his attorney general, the nation’s top law enforcement officer, to end the probe The tweet, along with several others Wednesday morning, accelerated the president’s attacks on the investigation, which he claims is . They were likely prompted by the start of the trial on Tuesday of Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, on 18 charges of tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy. “. !” Trump wrote. The president suggested in a subsequent tweet that . “Where is the Russian Collusion?” Trump added. Trump’s tweets prompted Rep. Adam B. Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, to accuse the president of obstruction “.” “The President of the United States just called on his Attorney General to put an end to an investigation in which the President, his family and campaign may be implicated,” Schiff tweeted. “.” Although the White House has said that Trump’s tweets are official presidential statements, his lawyer, Rudolph W. Giuliani, responded to the latest one as he has before, by brushing off suggestions that Trump’s tweets could be used as evidence of obstruction. “The president was expressing his opinion on his favored medium for asserting his First Amendment right of free speech,” Giuliani said in an interview. “He said ‘should,’ not ‘must,’ and no presidential order was issued or will be.” He said he spoke with Trump to make sure that the president wasn’t actually issuing an order. “I talked to him about it to make sure he was on the same page as we are,” Giuliani said, and the president indicated he was not ordering Sessions to act. On Sunday, Giuliani told CBS’ “Face the Nation”: “Obstruction by tweet is not something I think works real well. Generally obstruction is secret, it’s clandestine, it’s corrupt.” Giuliani added, “.” For months, Trump’s lawyers also have argued that it’s impossible for the president to obstruct justice because his constitutional authority extends over the Justice Department. That power allows him to direct officials where to focus their resources or to fire them when he chooses, as Trump did when removing James B. Comey as FBI director last year. That firing, however, led to Mueller’s appointment as special counsel. Wednesday’s tweet was a reminder of Trump’s at Sessions, who recused himself from overseeing the Russia investigation on March 2, 2017 — as members of both parties and legal experts have contended that he should. Sessions pointed to Justice Department regulations to explain that, as , he shouldn’t participate in the investigation of the Trump campaign. He announced the decision after controversy over his own undisclosed contacts, both during the campaign and the post-election transition, with the Russian ambassador at the time, Sergey Kislyak. . . But Dershowitz also cast doubt on whether Trump’s tweets can be seen as an act of obstruction. “You cannot obstruct justice by openly exercising your First Amendment rights and openly criticizing a prosecution, whether you’re right or wrong,” he said. “Obstruction of justice is generally committed behind the scenes, so I think both sides are a little overwrought here.” Stephen Vladeck, a University of Texas law professor, agreed that Sessions cannot stop the Russia investigation given that he recused himself. “The president, intentionally or not, is ,” Vladeck said. If Trump wanted to use his power to end the probe, he would have to give the order to Rod J. Rosenstein, the deputy attorney general supervising the Mueller team’s work, and fire Rosenstein if he does not comply, according to Vladeck. Trump could also try to replace Sessions as attorney general with someone who does not have a conflict of interest from the campaign, allowing that person to relieve Rosenstein of the responsibility to oversee Mueller, Vladeck said. — Noah Bierman and Chris Megerian Los Angeles Times ——— ©2018 Los Angeles Times, Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Catholic bishop of his predecessors from church buildings for failing to protect children On Wednesday, Bishop Ronald Gainer of the Catholic diocese of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, ordered that the names of all previous Harrisburg bishops from the past seven decades be removed from church buildings and rooms, because they collectively failed to protect children from dozens of predators priests and other Catholic leaders. No other Catholic prelate has conducted such of his predecessors' legacies, The New York Times reports. © Claudio Reyes/AFP/Getty Images Catholic Church deals with sex abuse fallout At the same time, Gainer released the names of 71 clergy and seminarians who've been credibly accused of sexual misconduct involving children dating back to 1947, apologized on behalf of the diocese and himself, waived any confidentiality agreements abuse survivors may have signed in legal settlements with the diocese, and released new guidelines for protecting children in the church. Grainer said he wanted to release the list of accused predators earlier but was asked to wait until a state grand jury inquiry into abuse in six Pennsylvania Catholic diocese, including Harrisburg, was complete. A spokesman for Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro, who ordered the two-year investigation of Catholic sex abuse, said the Harrisburg diocese had pushed to end the grand jury investigation last year. The grand jury's findings, including allegations against more than 300 priests accused of sexual abuse dating back to 1947, will likely be released this month after the state Supreme Court gave the green light. The Catholic Church is already the revelations that former Washington Archbishop Theodore McCormick, who resigned as a cardinal over the weekend after being sanctioned by Pope Francis, has been credibly accused of sexually abusing at least two boys decades ago. McCarrick, 88, faces a trial at the Vatican and has been barred from saying public Mass. 54 Years Ago Today: Government & Media Created & Spread ‘Fake News’ to Start Vietnam War If you are to believe the official story, one of America’s , Vietnam, was started after the United States had been attacked in the Gulf of Tonkin in the South China Sea. However, over the past 54 years, a deluge of information and government officials have come forward showing that most everything the government and the media told Americans about the Gulf of Tonkin was a lie. Often, the American mainstream media becomes a de facto government employee, taking the claims of U.S. officials and reporting them as proven fact — and nothing exemplifies this penchant better than reporting on the Gulf of Tonkin incident — perhaps one of as a justification for war. According to the official story, on August 2, 1964, the destroyer USS Maddox, while performing a signals intelligence patrol as part of DESOTO operations, was pursued by three North Vietnamese Navy torpedo boats of the 135th Torpedo Squadron. The North Vietnamese torpedo boats then attacked with torpedoes and machine gun fire. take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Two days later, according to the official story, on August 4, 1962, the NSA reported that a second Gulf of Tonkin incident occurred and US ships were attacked once again. The next day, without question, on August 5, 1964, the New York Times reported “President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and ‘certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam’ after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.” Additional outlets, such as the Washington Post, echoed this claim. The outcome of these two incidents was the passage by Congress of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution, which granted then-President Lyndon B. Johnson the authority to assist any Southeast Asian country whose government was considered to be jeopardized by “communist aggression.” The resolution served as Johnson’s legal justification for deploying U.S. conventional forces and the commencement of open warfare against North Vietnam. As a result, 58,177 would lose their lives. Additionally, over one million North and South Vietnamese, including 627,000 civilians would be . But it wasn’t true. . In fact, the Gulf of Tonkin incident, as it became known, turned out to be a fictitious creation courtesy of the government to escalate war in Vietnam — leading to the deaths of of U.S. troops and millions of Vietnamese, fomenting the largest anti-war movement in American history, and tarnishing the reputation of a nation once considered at least somewhat noble in the eyes of the world. The truth of the matter was that the Maddox was engaged in an intelligence gathering operation working hand in hand in coordinated attacks on North Vietnam by the South Vietnamese navy and the Laotian air force. When the government announced that it had been the victim of an unprovoked attack—this was a lie. In the 2003 documentary The Fog of War , the former United States Secretary of Defense Robert S. McNamara admitted that the August 4 Gulf of Tonkin attack never happened. In 1995, McNamara met with former Vietnam People’s Army General Võ Nguyên Giáp to ask what happened on August 4, 1964 in the second Gulf of Tonkin Incident. “Absolutely nothing”, Giáp replied. Giáp claimed that the attack had been imaginary. In 2010, more than 1,100 transcripts from the Vietnam era were released, proving Congress and officials raised serious doubts about the information fed to them by the Pentagon and White House. But while this internal grumbling took place, mainstream media dutifully reported official statements as if the veracity of the information couldn’t be disputed. Tom Wells, author of the exhaustive exposé “The War Within: America’s Battle Over Vietnam ,” explained the media egregiously erred in “almost exclusive reliance on U.S. government officials as sources of information” and “reluctance to question official pronouncements on ‘national security issues.’” If due diligence had been performed, and reporters had raised appropriate doubts about the Gulf of Tonkin false flag, it’s arguable whether support for the contentious war would have lasted as long as it did and over a million lives would’ve been saved. Now, retired military officials—who pay attention to history—are even warning about more staged events to pull us into war. “I think the president needs to watch carefully for the potential for something like the Gulf of Tonkin incident,” Col. Macgregor said. “Many of your viewers may not remember that it never happened and we could very well be treated to something like that in the Gulf. We should watch for that, and this is an example of President Trump’s comments on fake news, he should not be sabotaged by fake news.” Indeed, as TFTP has reported at length, nearly all wars in US history have been started over false information. To see a full list of our data, you can click this link. Article posted with permission from The Free Thought Project The Death Penalty, Instituted by