orbit of Iran, where would we find allies for such a fight? . The decision as to whether this country should engage in new post-ISIS wars in the Mideast, however, may be taken out of our hands. Saturday, Israel launched new air strikes against gun positions in Syria in retaliation for shells fired into the Golan Heights. Damascus claims that Israel's " allies inside Syria fired the shells, to give the IDF an excuse to attack. Why would Israel wish to provoke a war with Syria? Because the Israelis see the outcome of the six-year Syrian civil war as a strategic disaster. Hezbollah, stronger than ever, was part of Assad's victorious coalition. Iran may have secured its land corridor from Tehran to Beirut. Its presence in Syria could now be permanent. . Bibi Netanyahu knows that if war with Syria breaks out, a clamor will arise in Congress to have the U.S. rush to Israel's aid. "." Closing its Sunday editorial the Post instructed the president:The is saying: The situation is intolerable. Confront Assad and Iran now, or fight them later. Trump is being led to the Rubicon. . Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; his books and are available from Amazon.com. Patrick J. Buchanan is the author of His latest book, published May 9, is Will Trump Continue the CIA’s JFK Cover-Up? Last Friday, President Trump made the following announcement: I have decided not to block release of the CIA’s remaining JFK-assassination related records except for those records that directly implicate the CIA in the assassination, which will continue to remain secret.” Okay, he didn’t really put it like that. But that’s the potential and likely import of his announcement, which actually read as follows: Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.” (Italics added.) The operative words, of course, are: “Subject to the receipt of further information….” What is going on here? Negotiations. The art of the deal. The CIA desperately does not want to show the American people its long-secret JFK-related records. It has asked Trump to continue keeping at least some of them secret notwithstanding the passage of more than 50 years since the Kennedy assassination. Under long-established custom and tradition in Washington, D.C., when someone asks someone else for a favor, the person who is in a position to grant the favor demands something in return. That’s where the negotiations between Trump and the CIA come into play. Trump wants something in return. We don’t know what — maybe laying off on the Russia investigation — but his announcement last Friday is obviously part of the concluding steps of such negotiations. Time to buy old US gold coins What Trump has done with his announcement is send a clear message to the CIA: “Give me what I want and I’ll give you want you want. Otherwise, I will let all your relating to the JFK assassination be shown to the American people.” Make no mistake about it: A deal is about to be made. The CIA will cave. It will end up giving Trump whatever it is he wants. . And . All this will happen by this Thursday, the date set by law for release of all the JFK records that Trump has not blocked. Think about it: The CIA has asked the president to continue secrecy of records that are more than 50 years old or, apparently, some relating to secret correspondence between the CIA and the Assassination Records Review Board back in the 1990s. The CIA’s ground? “National security” of course, in the American political lexicon. National security? Really? Whatever definition that one might put on that nebulous term, that the release of 50-year-old records are going to or even that . The CIA says that releasing its decades-old JFK records will reveal secret “methods” of intelligence gathering. ? What is amazing (or not) is of the mainstream media to the CIA’s request for continued secrecy. That should be big news. , given that it is to think that “national security” would be threatened by the release of the CIA’s long-secret JFK-assassination-related records. You see, the mainstream media starts with the assumption that the CIA had nothing to do with the assassination. In their minds, the assassination was committed by a , one who had no motive to kill the president. Such being the case, the mainstream media, deferring to the CIA, automatically concludes that its wish to continue keeping secret has to be based on “national security” grounds rather than an attempt by the CIA to continue its cover-up of its assassination of the president. Let’s proceed from the opposite assumption: That the CIA, in partnership with the military and the Mafia, orchestrated the assassination by framing a former U.S. Marine who was then working for U.S. intelligence, either Navy intelligence, the CIA, or the FBI, or a combination of all three. Don’t forget, after all, that that’s what Oswald said. He said he was being framed. Yet, from the very beginning, to the possibility that Oswald was framed for the crime. Instead, they have steadfastly stuck with the official story, one that has all the characteristics of a : That Oswald acted alone or possibly acted in concert with others, both of which lead to nothing but dead ends, contradictions, and anomalies. Now, let’s assume instead that Oswald was telling the truth when he said he was being framed. In that case, it would be imperative that the CIA and the military keep as tight a lid on their records as possible to ensure that investigators or investigative reporters would have a difficult time piercing through to the circumstantial evidence that establishes the frame-up. As part of the frame-up, the CIA would have to fortify the persona of Oswald, its intelligence agent, as a . , which, not coincidentally, was the advice that the Pentagon and the CIA were doling out to Latin American military dictatorships at the School of the Americas. In cases of covert state-sponsored assassinations, Latin American regimes were taught, . It would also explain why the CIA was closely monitoring Oswald’s movements prior to the assassination, something else that the CIA kept secret for decades. . The first organization that came out with a press release advertising Oswald’s bona fides was the DRE, an anti-communist group in New Orleans with which Oswald had had contact. What no one knew at the time, and what the CIA intentionally kept secret for decades, was that the DRE was a CIA front organization. It was being generously funded by the CIA and controlled by a secret CIA agent named George Joannides, which the CIA would intentionally keep secret from the Warren Commission in the 1960s, the House Select Committee in the 1970s, and the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s. But there was another big operation to establish Oswald’s communist bona fides before the assassination. It had to do with Oswald’s trip to Mexico City, where he visited the Cuban and Soviet embassies. obviously went wrong with that part of the operation because the official investigation into it was quickly shut down during the early post-assassination period. Today, Oswald’s Mexico City trip, which is part of those CIA records ready to be released, is still shrouded in mystery. The CIA’s continued secrecy in the JFK assassination is no big surprise. As I wrote in my October 11 article, “Will Trump Make a Deal with the CIA on JFK Records?,” the CIA is between a rock and a hard place. On the one hand, . On the other hand, it knows that . Not surprisingly, it is choosing the latter course, especially with respect to its ridiculous claim of “national security.” Do the CIA’s long-secret records contain a video-taped confession? Of course not. And they don’t contain any reference to assassinating Kennedy. The CIA’s practice from the very beginning has been to not put any reference to a state-sponsored assassination into writing. But there has to be a reason why the CIA chose to keep this particular batch of records secret for more than 50 years. Those long-secret records undoubtedly include small bits of important circumstantial evidence that fill out even further the mosaic of a regime-change operation that took place in Dallas in November 1963, the same types of regime-change operation that took place in Iran in 1953, Guatemala in 1954, Cuba in 1960-1963, Congo in 1961, and Chile in 1973, all of which . In 1953, the CIA was in the process of developing a top-secret manual on assassinations, one that showed that the CIA was specializing not only in the art of assassination but also in the art of covering up its role in state-sponsored assassinations. . Too bad the mainstream press has never given that manual the consideration it deserves. If it did, it might not be so deferential to the deal that Trump and the CIA are about to make to continue the JFK assassination cover-up by continuing . Reprinted with permission from The Future of Freedom Foundation. The Best of Jacob G. Hornberger Puerto Rico’s Power Grid Failure Is Causing A Public Health One month after the Hurricane Maria wreaked havoc on the island of Puerto Rico, the territory is still facing a public health crisis. And it’s a . On Friday, former Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro García Padilla tweeted a photo from inside a hospital, in which scrubbed-up doctors leaned over an operating table performing surgery lit only by a flashlight. According to Slate, the image quickly made the rounds on the internet; it currently has almost 9,000 retweets and many speculate that that’s probably because Puerto Rico is currently facing. This is what POTUS calls a 10! Surgery performed with cellphones as flashlights in Puerto Rico today. pic.twitter.com/5pnK5dkkE6 — Alejandro (@agarciapadilla) October 21, 2017 Millions of residents still don’t have access to electricity or proper health care, and bacteria in the water have exposed many people to disease. And calls for help have gone unanswered besides the few willing to travel to the island privately. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-NM) along with a handful of other lawmakers are calling on the federal government to continue to provide aid to . “Even before Hurricanes Irma and Maria hit the U.S. territories, the islands’ health care system was suffering from the ongoing economic crisis. ,” the lawmakers stated in a letter. “We are grateful for the public health emergency declaration in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, .” The senators stressed that much of the islands’ power and communication networks are out and, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), it will take months before power is fully restored. Hospitals have been forced to prioritize patients, ration services, and forgo elective surgeries. The power grid’s failure has caused more problems than many anticipated, like the stall of relief efforts. Without electricity, communications are non-existent too. Some 33 days after Hurricane Maria made landfall on Puerto Rico, only 23 percent of residents have electricity, according to Status.pr, which provides daily updates on basic services on the island. While there are still other problems as well, such as gas stations being slow to reopen, and roads getting badly damaged, in the category 4 winds is not just a temporary inconvenience. The different ways that the lack of electricity can set off a cascade of other crises is becoming increasingly clear. A giant government-owned hospital ship, the USNS Comfort, arrived in Puerto Rico weeks ago to help out, but many people don’t know about the ship. Without electricity, most cell phone towers are down. But even if communications were working, residents can’t get to the port, as many of the island’s roads are impassable and most are without gasoline to power a car. The ship has extensive space and equipment for trauma care and a large staff, but CNN reported that as of last Tuesday, only 33 of 250 beds were full. The seems to be getting worse, not better, and Puerto Rico is experiencing a medical crisis of epic proportions. South Florida Muslim Leader Sofian Zakkout’s David Duke Day David Duke, the and former , has been denounced by many as a , and rightfully so. However, one individual who represents the Muslim community of South Florida, Sofian Zakkout, is with Duke and has been promoting Duke’s bigoted work for many years. Last month, once again, Zakkout chose to showcase this work by posting four consecutive Duke videos on his (Zakkout’s) personal Facebook page. The postings can be rivaled only by Zakkout’s own documented bigotry. Sofian Abdelaziz Zakkout is the President of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA). He has ties to two dozen mosques stretching from Palm Beach County down to Miami-Dade. On September 21, 2017, Zakkout took to Facebook and posted four David Duke videos. Three of the videos were put out by Duke’s official website, DavidDuke.com, one referring to CNN news anchor Wolf Blitzer as a The fourth video was a news report featuring a clip of Duke being interviewed at a white nationalist rally held in Charlottesville, Virginia this past August. At this same rally, a . This was not the first time Zakkout has promoted David Duke. Indeed, he has done so for years. In February 2016, Zakkout publicized on his Facebook page a bizarre Duke report, titled in part ‘ Above the posting, Zakkout wrote of Duke, “I respect him for his honesty!” In October 2015, Zakkout posted to Facebook a Duke video, within which Duke makes the claim that there has been a “complete takeover of American foreign policy and… American politics by .” Above the video on Facebook, Zakkout praised Duke, exclaiming “David Duke, ” In July 2010, the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) condemned Zakkout and his group AMANA for featuring another anti-Semitic Duke video on the AMANA website. The ADL described the video as “.” Currently, AMANA’s official website contains one more Duke video. David Duke’s bigoted and inciting material is not the only hate Zakkout promotes. He also pedals much bigotry coming from others, including himself. In July 2017, Zakkout posted on his Facebook page a four-minute portion of a speech given by Louis Farrakhan at the Nation of Islam’s February 2017 Saviors’ Day. On the video, Farrakhan repeatedly refers to Jews as “.” He states to his audience: “Really, they’re not Jews. No, that’s . You should learn to call them by their real name, ‘.’ You’re coming face to face with , the , the enemy of God, and the enemy of the righteous.” In June 2016, Zakkout clicked ‘like’ under someone else’s Facebook posting (on Zakkout’s personal Facebook page) of a cartoon containing a worried-looking religious Jew hiding behind an animated tree with a bearded man brandishing a rifle coming towards them. The tree is speaking to the man in Arabic, saying “Oh Muslim! Oh Muslim! There is a Jew behind me. Come and kill him.” In April 2016, Zakkout promoted a report discussing the notion of Jewish involvement in the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. A photo from the report shows the burning towers with a Jewish Star affixed to one. The report begins, “It ain’t debatable! Soup to nuts, top to bottom, the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks on New York City and Washington D.C. were an ‘Israeli’-Jewish job.” The website which published the report and which Zakkout linked to is Mouqawamah Music, a site that openly calls for and labels the Jewish religion “.” In February 2016, Zakkout circulated on social media a report claiming that “the Holocaust was faked.” It begins: “The alleged ‘Holocaust’ of ‘6 million Jews’ at the hands of Adolf Hitler and National Socialist Germany during WWII is the biggest lie ever foisted upon humanity.” It was produced by The Realist Report, an anti-Jew, anti-black, anti-gay independent media outlet, which describes Hitler as “.” In December 2015, Zakkout posted a photo of Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Chief of Staff Gadi Eizenkot, who is a decorated veteran of many different wars and battles fought by Israel over the last three-plus decades. Above the picture of Eizenkot, Zakkout wrote in Arabic, “You’re a Jew, the .” He signed it “Sofian.” This is one of many times Zakkout has referred to Jews as In July 2014, Zakkout organized a pro-Hamas rally held outside the Israeli Consulate in downtown Miami. On video, Zakkout is shown smiling, as event goers repeatedly shout, “We are Hamas.” After the rally, Zakkout wrote the following in Arabic, above photos from the event: “Thank God, every day we conquer the American Jews like our conquests over the Jews of Israel!” He signed it “Br. Sofian Zakkout.” South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout’s promotion of bigotry, whether borrowed from others or his own, has been evident for years. Yet, there is no outcry from the community, not from Muslims, not from non-Muslims. It has been virtually ignored by everyone, save this author and his colleague, Director of Militant Islam Monitor Beila Rabinowitz. Despite their having been notified by this author about Zakkout’s perfidious activities, Zakkout remains an active member of the boards of Citizens’ Crime Watch of Miami-Dade County and Crime Stoppers of Miami-Dade County. These organizations have provided and continue to provide Zakkout with a facade of respectability. In reality, he has done nothing to serve the community and only attempts to divide it with his . It is time for Zakkout to be exposed and stripped of his public functions. If people like David Duke and Louis Farrakhan can be condemned and repudiated for spreading their , their fan and propagator Zakkout can and must be as well. Beila Rabinowitz, Director of Militant Islam Monitor, contributed to this report. : Officials Warn That The Plague The fears that the would spread from Madagascar have now taken hold. As nations grapple with the outbreak of the bubonic plague, nine countries are . The deadly plague outbreak that has struck Madagascar’s major cities has yet to “peak” and that could make the spread of this infection into the surrounding regions more likely. Dr. Ashok Chopra, a professor of microbiology and immunology at the University of Texas, told The Sun Online . He also to neighboring countries. Since there are regular flights in and out of Madagascar and this outbreak has so far, been impossible to contain, other nations are now at risk. Speaking from Madagascar, Christine South, head of IFRC’s (International Federation of Red Cross) emergency operations, said: “With anything like this there is a possibility that somebody could be infected and get on a plane. We have done preparedness support to some of the neighboring countries.” Tourists have been warned to stay out of Madagascar until doctors can get the plague under control to prevent its spread. The outbreak is considered a much bigger threat to the region than in previous years because it has taken on its pneumonic form. That means it is airborne and spread by sneezing and coughing. Not only that, but the plague has a very short incubation time. Once exposed, some people will die within