250,000 casualties. So Trump’s solution was more . A flight to Singapore, backslapping a Kim, and a between the two leaders Americans as the dawn of peace. America’s media was quick to retail the story and Trump’s credentials among the seriously credulous. No more hiding under your school desks or in dank basements. As Trump proclaimed, and ! Korea still has all of its medium and long-ranged missiles and an estimated 40 or more nuclear warheads. The North is developing submarines that can launch nuclear-armed missiles from underwater off America’s coasts. For Kim, these weapons are purely defensive, designed to prevent a US attack on his nation. But he is now a full-fledged member of the nuclear club. Equally important, North Korea still has an estimated 14,000 170mm guns and hundreds of 300mm long-ranged rocket launchers emplaced in caves just north of the Demilitarized Zone between the two Koreas. They threaten almost all of South Korea’s capital Seoul north of the Han River and some US military bases and key airfields, notably Osan. This is – one that is largely immune to attack from the air. I have seen these emplacements from the northern edge of the DMZ. Kim’s big guns hold Seoul’s millions of inhabitants hostage. War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 09:00 EDT - Details) There is no mention of this artillery threat in the final communiqué issued by Trump and Kim in Singapore. But it was agreed to temporarily stop the US/South Korean war games simulating an invasion of the North, a key demand by Kim. This column has been calling for their end for a decade. North Korea will seemingly halt its missile tests. This is not the ‘denuclearization’ of North Korea that has been bandied about. There may be a few gestures of disarmament but Kim must know that his nukes are his means of survival. In case Kim didn’t remember the dire fate of Iraq, Libya, and Syria, Trump’s new national security advisor John Bolton, a , recalled the of Libya’s murdered Col. Khadaffi. The Singapore summit was also a for America’s allies Japan and South Korea. In Asia, preserving ‘face’ is essential. Trump completely ignored America’s two old allies after his meeting with Kim – who routinely blasts Japan and South Korea as ‘.’ Instead, Trump sent his beginner Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to explain what happened in Singapore, inflicting a deep loss of face on Tokyo and Seoul. This was a and could spark decisions by at least Japan to proceed ahead with its covert nuclear program. Japan can deploy nuclear weapons in 3-6 months; South Korea is not far behind. The United States and North Korea are now on a more civilized level of behavior. But nothing basic has been resolved. Maybe Trump has some more concessions up his sleeve, like cutting the number of US troops in the South. But Korea is now on the back burner as Trump wages trade wars around the globe. The Best of Eric Margolis President Donald Trump Proposes "Simple Immigration Plan": On Monday, President Donald Trump proposed what he sees as an ideal immigration plan during a meeting with the King and Queen of Jordan at the White House. “We want a system where when people come in illegally, they have to go out,” Trump told reporters. “A nice simple system that works.” Trump said that the system that Mexico uses to deal with illegals by holding them a few hours and then sending them away is preferable to how the long, drawn out process in the united States is conducted. take our poll - story continues below Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? Whom do you consider to be the most corrupt Democrat Politician? * Dianne Feinstein Maxine Waters Adam Schiff Chuck Schumer Kamala Harris Kirsten Gillibrand Keith Ellison Cory Booker Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. I completely agree. In fact, I've often said if we catch people close to the border, we should not even bring them into the system if they are not citizens, but walk them back over the border and make sure they keep walking. Often, by putting illegals into the system, it takes years to deport them, which costs the lots of money. That system would require more judges to handle more illegals and Trump ripped the calls for more judges in favor of a more "simple immigration plan." “We want strong borders and we want no crime,” Trump said. Trump then called on Congress to correct the problems created by legislation with more legislation. “The laws are obsolete, the laws are , having to do with the border, both in terms of security and in terms of taking care of people,” he said. Trump said, blasting the New York Times report that said he didn't really want to sign his executive order last week that would keep families together in detention while they awaited the judicial process. Of course, Trump has inherited a problem that has existed for several administrations, both Republican and Democrat, for decades. It is time that Congress sure up things so that are not bound up in a judicial process when people are clearly in the country illegally. Sadly, too many people want more amnesty which begs the question if any of them take the law seriously in the first place. Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media Congress’ Top Cop: House Democratic Caucus Server In ? These crimes are treason and should be prosecuted as such. Break: Ex-Dem IT aide Imran Awan pleads guilty to loan application fraud in federal court, as part of plea agreement. Prosecutors drop charges against his wife. Prosecutors say they investigated allegations of improper behavior in Awan’s Congress role, but will bring no charges. — Alex Pappas (@AlexPappas) July 3, 2018 take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. In Newly Obtained Memo, Congress’ Top Cop Said House Democratic Caucus Server https://t.co/gTj2UgSZJr via @dailycaller — Luke Rosiak (@lukerosiak) July 2, 2018 A secret memo marked “URGENT” detailed how the House Democratic Caucus’s server went “missing” soon after it became evidence in a cybersecurity probe. The secret memo also said more than “40 House offices may have been victims of IT security violations.” In the memo, Congress’s top law enforcement official, Sergeant-at-Arms Paul Irving, along with Chief Administrative Officer Phil Kiko, wrote, “We have concluded that the employees [Democratic systems administrator Imran Awan and his family] are an ongoing and serious risk to the House of Representatives, possibly threatening the integrity of our information systems and thereby members’ capacity to serve constituents.” The memo, addressed to the Committee on House Administration (CHA) and dated Feb. 3, 2017, was recently reviewed and transcribed by The Daily Caller News Foundation. The letter bolsters TheDCNF’s previous reporting about the missing server and evidence of fraud on Capitol Hill. It details how the caucus server, run by then-caucus Chairman Rep. Xavier Becerra, was secretly copied by authorities after the House Inspector General (IG) identified suspicious activity on it, but the Awans’ physical access was not blocked. But after, the report reads, the server appears to have been secretly replaced with one that looked similar. The memo called for firing the Pakistani-born aides, revoking all their computer accounts, and changing the locks on any door they had access to. Rep. Louie Gohmert — a Texas Republican on the House Committee on the Judiciary who has done oversight work on the case — said the missing server contained copies of Congress members’ emails. “They put 40 members of Congress’s data on one server … That server, with that serial number, has disappeared,” he said. Multiple sources connected to the investigation told TheDCNF that shortly after an IG report came out identifying the House Democratic Caucus server as key evidence in a criminal probe, the evidence was stolen. “They [the Awans] deliberately turned over a fake server” to falsify evidence, one official close to the CHA alleged. “It was a breach. The data was completely out of [members’] possession.” The six-page letter says: • In September of 2016 … the CHA and [IG] briefed the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus about suspicious activity related to their server that the [IG] identified. As a result, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus directed the CAO to copy the data from their server and two computers. • The CHA directed the IG to refer the matter to the US Capitol Police. The USCP initiated an investigation that continues to this day. • In late 2016, the former Chairman of the Democratic Caucus announced his intention to resign from Congress to assume a new position. The CAO and [sergeant-at-arms] worked with the Chairman to account for his inventory, including the one server. • While reviewing the inventory, the CAO discovered that the serial number of the server did not match that of the one imaged in September. [Investigators] also discovered that the server in question [the replacement server] was still operating under the employee’s control, contrary to the explicit instructions of the former chairman to turn over all equipment and fully cooperate with the inquiry and investigation. [A House source said the "employee” was Abid Awan.] • The USCP interviewed relevant staff regarding the missing server. • On January 24, 2017, the CAO acquired the [r[replacement]erver from the control of the employees and transferred that server to the USCP. President Donald Trump referenced the Democratic Caucus’ missing server in a tweet. But because the letter to the CHA was kept secret, many news outlets have not grasped that documented a “missing server” connected to the Democratic Caucus. The timeline laid out in the letter also shows that . An IG presentation from September 2016 shows that Becerra knew of problems months before the server disappeared. “The Caucus Chief of Staff requested one of the shared employees to not provide IT services or access their computers,” it read. “This shared employee continued.” . A House official close to the probe said the employee was Abid, who was not on Becerra or the Caucus’s payroll. The official said Becerra Chief of Staff Sean McCluskie apparently knew Abid was accessing Caucus servers. According to payroll records, Abid’s sister-in-law, Hina Alvi, was the Caucus’ systems administrator. The Awans’ continued physical access to Becerra’s equipment after red flags emerged enabled the server to disappear after it became evidence, House officials close to the investigation told TheDCNF. (RELATED: Becerra Tried To Block Awan From House Democratic Caucus Server, But Logins Continued; He Didn’t Go To Cops) Becerra has refused to comment, citing an ongoing criminal investigation. The February 2017 memo itemizes “ of House IT security” by members of the Awan family, including using Congress members’ usernames and “the unauthorized storage of sensitive House information outside the House.” “These employees accessed user accounts and computers for offices that did not employ them, without the knowledge and permission of the impacted Member’s office,” it said, adding, “4 of the employees accessed the Democratic Caucus computers 5,735 times.” More than 100 office computers were open to access from people not on the office’s staff, it said. Chris Gowen — a former aide to Hillary Clinton who is now serving as Imran’s attorney — told TheDCNF, “There is no missing server and never was.” . The memo said the CHA possesses voluminous evidence, including, “Interview notes with House Members’ Chiefs of Staff,” and “Logon activity and computer access logs.” Prosecutors have not brought charges. The Awans were banned from Congress’s computer network the day the letter was sent, and Kiko held a briefing to convey the message to chiefs of staff for members who employed them. But Democrats claim they were never told about any of the cybersecurity issues itemized in the urgent memo. Rep. Jackie Speier — a California Democrat on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence who employed Imran and his wife, Hina Alvi — said she never heard of any missing server. Joaquin Castro of Texas — another Democratic intelligence committee member who employed one of the Awans — told TheDCNF that Kiko never told him of any cybersecurity issues whatsoever and that the Awan probe was instead described as a theft issue. Indeed, the CHA issued only one public statement on the case and titled it the “House Theft Investigation” — wording that avoids cybersecurity words while political news coverage other cybersecurity issues in the 2016 election. Yet even the alleged theft has not resulted in criminal charges — even though the letter also says House authorities have “purchase orders and vouchers” that allegedly show procurement fraud, as well as testimony from a Democratic chief of staff to Rep. Yvette Clarke, who warned of procurement fraud. The FBI arrested Imran at the airport in July 2017 for alleged bank fraud that occurred six months prior, and Democrats have since claimed that the case is about nothing but bank fraud. Bank fraud does not explain why the Awans were kicked off the House network concurrent with the urgent memo, which did not cite bank fraud. A Democratic IT aide who alleged that Imran solicited a bribe from him told TheDCNF he believes members of Congress and covering the matter up. Wendy Anderson, a former chief of staff to New York Rep. Yvette Clarke, told House investigators that she suspected that her predecessor, Shelley Davis, was working with Abid on a theft scheme, but Clarke refused to fire Abid until outside investigators got involved, TheDCNF reported. Eighteen months after the evidence was recounted in the urgent memo, prosecution appears to have stalled for reasons not publicly explained. Imran is in court July 3 for a possible plea deal in the bank fraud case. Gohmert said the FBI has refused to accept evidence demonstrating alleged House misconduct, and some witnesses with first-hand knowledge say the bureau has not interviewed them. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Texas teen says he had drink thrown at him at Whataburger because he was wearing pro-Trump hat A Texas teenager who supports President Trump says he was assaulted by a drink-throwing stranger at a Whataburger restaurant -- he was wearing a hat. The incident, which was captured on video and has since gone viral, reportedly happened Tuesday at one of the burger chain’s restaurants in San Antonio. “You ain’t supporting s--- n----!” the man is heard saying on camera after tossing a large drink in the direction of the person filming the video. WARNING: GRAPHIC LANGUAGE: Click here to watch the video. The individual, who has not been identified, then walks away while carrying the red hat. The man is heard muttering "b---- a-- motherf------" as one of the other teens sitting at the table appears stunned. Hunter Richard, the 16-year-old teen who says he was wearing the hat, told WOAI that some of his hair was ripped off as the man removed it from his head. " and, if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off,” he told the station. “I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me.” San Antonio police told Fox News on Thursday they had received a complaint and detectives had been assigned to the case. Earlier in the day, a police spokesperson said the department hadn't received a report. Whataburger told Fox News that it is cooperating with the police investigation. “We were to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants," the company said. "To be clear, no Whataburger employees were involved or witnessed the incident, and we ask that questions be directed to San Antonio PD as we continue supporting their efforts.” Video of the incident reportedly was posted on a Facebook page with a request for the public to help identify the ".” It racked up more than two million views before being removed or hidden, according to KENS 5. The man in the video allegedly was fired from his part-time job at a San Antonio bar after the footage began circulating on social media. “It came to our attention earlier this evening that a part-time employee was captured on cell phone video assaulting another person at a local eatery,” the Rumble bar in San Antonio posted on its Facebook page. “The assault took place, presumably, because this employee did not agree with the other individual’s political stance." It continued: “We have since terminated this employee, as his actions go against everything that this establishment stands for. THIS BAR IS A SAFE SPACE FOR EVERYONE! No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!” Texas Mom: My Son Was Attacked For Wearing A Hat At Whataburger A Texas mother’s teenage son was allegedly attacked at a Whataburger for wearing a () hat. The mother posted the video of the incident on Facebook as evidence of her claims. The woman claimed a man became angry at her teenage son and his group of friends because one of them wore a “” hat, KENS5 reported. The hats have become noticeable and are often an outward expression of support of President Donald Trump. The video shows the man throwing his fountain drink at the table and shouting a . According to Breitbart, in the mother’s post on Facebook, which has since been taken down, Patricia Spittler asks for help in identifying the man she called “.” The San Antonio CBS affiliate reported that Spittler wrote: “His friend was wearing a hat, and this happened! It would be nice to know who he is for someone to let him know his actions are not okay!” Spittler added: “… approaches a group of teenagers minding their own business just having a burger! He kept his hat, too.” The video found it’s way to Twitter, and it is slightly violent, so err on the side of caution if watching near children. Also be aware that there a few racial slurs in the video. video of young having his hat stolen and a drink thrown in his face. … pic.twitter.com/gUzBVRpP7X — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) July 5, 2018 As the video begins, the man says, “… supporting the president. You ain’t supporting ,” and then