identity to enter it. Every visit is logged. If Manafort had really visited Assange, it would have long been known: . . A year ago an important Moon of Alabama piece - From Snowden To Russia-gate - The CIA And The Media - mentioned Harding: The people who promote are . . . Shortly after the Guardian's fake news story went public Paul Manafort issued an unequivocal denial: “I have never met Julian Assange or anyone connected to him,” the statement said. “I have never been contacted by anyone connected to Wikileaks, either directly or indirectly. reached out to Assange or Wikileaks on any matter. We are considering all legal options against the Guardian who proceeded with this story even after being notified by my representatives that it was false.” At 16:05 utc the Guardian silently edited the story. Caveats (here in italic and underlined) were added to the headline and within several paragraphs. No editorial note was attached to inform the readers of the changes: Manafort held secret talks with Assange in Ecuadorian embassy, sources say ... It is unclear why Manafort would have wanted to see Assange and what was discussed. But the last apparent meeting is likely to come under scrutiny and could interest Robert Mueller, the special prosecutor who is investigating alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. ... Why Manafort might have sought out Assange in 2013 is unclear. ... Manafort, 69, denies involvement in the hack and says ”. His lawyers initially declined to answer the Guardian’s questions about the visits. One paragraph was added to included Wikileaks' denial: In a series of tweets WikiLeaks said Assange and Manafort had not met. Assange described the story as . At 16:30 utc, under fire from other media and journalists, the Guardian issued a statement: This story relied on a number of sources. We put these allegations to both Paul Manafort and Julian Assange's representatives prior to publication. Neither responded to deny the visits taking place. We have since updated the story to reflect their denials. '. At 21:05 utc a third version was published which included Manafort's denial. Half an hour later Julian Assange instructed his lawyers to sue the Guardian for libel. Wikileaks opened a fund to support the lawsuit. A day after the the Washington Times reported that Manafort's passports, entered into evidence by the Mueller prosecution, show that he did not visit London in any of the years the Guardian claimed he was there to visit Assange. . . As Disobediant Media notes (emphasis in the original): . . Jonathan Cook, a former Guardian writer, makes a similar point: The truth is that the Guardian has not erred in this latest story attacking Assange, or in its much longer-running campaign . . . . Within hours of being published the Guardian piece was debunked as fake news. That did not hinder other outlets to add to its . : Rather than being , perhaps the report is something else entirely: . ? ... Harding is likely a major target for anyone wrapped up in Russia’s intelligence operation against the West’s democratic institutions. ... If this latest story about Manafort and Assange is false—that is, if, for example, the sources lied to Harding and Collyns (or if the sources themselves were lied to and thus thought they were being truthful in their statements to the journalists), or if the Ecuadorian intelligence document is a fake, the most logical explanation is that it is an attempt to make Harding look bad. . It also included the false claim that Glenn Greenwald worked with Wikileaks on the Snowden papers. That claim was later removed. We have seen a similar pattern in the Skripal affair. When 'western' intelligence get caught in spreading disinformation, they accuse Russia of being the source of the fake. . The Guardian is only one of many which and disinformation about '. . --- This is a Moon of Alabama fundraiser week. No one pays me to write these blog posts. If you appreciated this one, or any of the 7,000+ others, please consider a donation. Posted by b on November 29, 2018 at 10:23 AM | Permalink Comments SNL Indian Comedian Silenced for "Offensive Jokes" at Columbia Andy Warhol was only half-right. In the future everyone will be the subject of for 15 minutes. . Saturday Night Live writer and comedian Nimesh Patel was pulled from the stage by event organizers after telling jokes that were criticized as racist and homophobic during his performance at cultureSHOCK: Reclaim, an event held by Columbia Asian American Alliance on Friday night. Patel, 32, was the first Indian-American writer for SNL, and has since been nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing. Patel has previously performed on Late Night with Seth Meyers and opened for comedians such as Chris Rock. During the event, Patel’s performance featured commentary on his experience living in a diverse area of New York City—including a joke about a gay, black man in his neighborhood—which AAA officials deemed inappropriate. Patel joked that being gay cannot be a choice because “.’” That's what thought was offensive. I can't imagine what they would have made of Richard Pryor, or at this point even, Chris Rock. It's also a version of a Sammy Davis Jr joke about converting to Judaism. Which is now a hate crime. About 30 minutes into Patel’s set, members of AAA interrupted the performance, denounced his jokes about racial identities and sexual orientation, and provided him with a few moments for closing remarks. ! Patel pushed back on the officials’ remarks, and said that while he stood in solidarity with Asian American identities, none of his remarks were offensive, and he was exposing the audience to ideas that would be found “in the real world.” Before he could finish, Patel’s microphone was cut from off-stage, and he proceeded to leave. The real world? This is Columbia. For Sofia Jao, BC ‘22, problems with the performance resided not in the set, but with Patel’s closing remarks. “I really dislike when people who are older say that our generation needs to be exposed to the real world. Obviously the world is not a safe space but just accepting that it’s not and continuing to perpetuate the un-safeness of it… is saying that it can’t be changed,” said Jao. “When older generations say you need to stop being so sensitive, it’s like undermining what our generation is trying to do in accepting others and making it safer.” Patel is 32. .