election to Congress, especially after the Pittsburgh synagogue massacre. But she is a Leftist, and the Left is increasingly anti-Semitic, so . “Dem Candidate Ilhan Omar Defending Tweet On ‘,’” by Frank Camp, Daily Wire, October 28, 2018: take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. On November 16, 2012, Somali-born Minnesota state Rep. Ilhan Omar (D), who’s currently running for the state’s 5th Congressional District seat, sent out the following tweet: , may Allah awaken the people and help them see . #Gaza #Palestine #Israel In May of this year, Twitter user John Gilmore dug up the six-year-old tweet, forcing Omar to defend herself. She responded: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews. You are a hateful sad man, I pray to Allah you get the help you need and find happiness.” Omar’s initial tweet came three days after “Palestinian terrorists in Gaza launched more than 150 rockets at Israel” from November 10-13, 2012, reports the Jewish Virtual Library. On November 14, the Israeli Air Force killed Ahmad Jabari in an air strike. Jabari, the military commander of Hamas, was allegedly responsible for, or instrumental in, multiples terrorist attacks on Israeli civilians and military personnel since the 1990s. On November 15, another terrorist-launched rocket killed three Israeli civilians. This and other rocket launches from Palestinian militants in Gaza prompted Israel to initiate Operation Pillar of Defense. According to Israel’s official New York consulate website, during the operation, “the IDF targeted over 1,500 terror sites including 19 senior command centers, operational control centers and Hamas’ senior-rank headquarters, 30 senior operatives, damaging Hamas’ command and control, hundreds of underground rocket launchers, 140 smuggling tunnels, 66 terror tunnels, dozens of Hamas operation rooms and bases, 26 weapon manufacturing and storage facilities and dozens of long-range rocket launchers and launch sites.” Omar defended herself against charges of anti-Semitism in a July interview with ABC News, saying: “These accusations are without merit. .” The oft-repeated notion that Israel is an “apartheid” nation is incorrect on multiple grounds. Perhaps the most succinct refutation of this idea comes from the Anti-Defamation League (ADL), which writes: Records Support Claims That Minnesota Muslima State Rep Ilhan Omar Married Her Brother Ilhan Omar has accused Israel of “” in Gaza and called Israel an “apartheid state.” It isn’t surprising that Ilhan Omar would think this way. . What is shameful about this is that her views are mainstream in the Democrat Party today. She should never have been chosen as a candidate for Congress with of this kind, . take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. . “Official School Records Support Claims That Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN) Married Her Brother,” by David Steinberg, PJ Media, October 23, 2018 (thanks to Mark): Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Arizona Democrat Senate Candidate Kyrsten Sinema Refuses To Retract Saying It’s OK For Americans To Join Taliban Fox News reported recently that in a February 2003 radio interview, Green Party activist Ernest Hancock said to Kyrsten Sinema, who is now Arizona’s Democrat candidate for Senate: “As an individual, if I want to go fight in the Taliban army, I go over there, and I’m fighting for the Taliban, I’m saying that’s a personal decision.” Sinema responded: “.” And now she is doubling down. Probably she thinks that if she disavows these words now, she will be thought of as “Islamophobic” by a significant portion of her base. take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. . Sinema, a co-founder of the activist group Local to Global Justice, invited people in a now-closed Yahoo group to attend two events with Lynn Stewart, both in 2003. At the time of the invite, Stewart had been charged with helping her former client Omar Abdel Rahman, a radical Egyptian spiritual leader of a terror group, to pass on secret messages to his followers to commit terror attacks.” The Left maintains that Islamic jihad terror is not a problem — . “Islamophobia,” Leftists insist, is a much greater issue. This is the result: Useful Idiots such as Kyrsten Sinema end up promoting the likes of Lynne Stewart, who was convicted of aiding the jihad mass murder plotting of the Blind Sheikh, Omar Abdel Rahman, . If you don’t recognize the reality, nature, and magnitude of the jihad threat, you may well end up abetting the jihad. Sinema is proof: , and considers “right-wing extremists,” a term all too often applied to American patriots, far more of a threat than jihad terrorists. It used to be that this fact was dismissed as . Now it is becoming increasingly clear. Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer Keith Ellison Defends Louis Farrakhan: "He Had Something To Offer" Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN), aka Hakim Muhammad, recently defended his ties to Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan, who recently . During a debate with Republican opponent Doug Wardlow, Ellison was asked about his previous support of Farrakhan, but then claims that he has distanced himself from Farrakhan. ! Understand that Ellison attempts to tell the audience and his opponent that he has distanced himself from Farrakhan since the 1990s. Take a look at his comments. take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. “," said Ellison. "I’ve said that many, many years ago.” “Look, in the early 1990s, Louis Farrakhan was a person speaking the issues of African-American civil rights," Ellison added. "At that time, he had some things, I thought, he had to offer." Ellison then concluded, "He made it very clear in the early 90s that , and I’ve been saying that ever since.” Keith, you're lying. It's clear from video evidence that Ellison and fellow Democrat Gregory Meeks had dinner with Farrakhan and Iranian leader President Hassan Rouhani in 2013. Take a look for yourself and understand how pathological liar and accused woman abuser Keith Ellison seeks to deceive you. In case you missed it, . Both of these men have the same devil as their father because both men are following after the teaching of the Koran . One of them just actually has the nerve to say it. The other doesn't. Maybe Ellison is attempting . Remember when Obama's "pastor," Jeremiah Wright uttered "God damn, America!"? Obama tried to say he had been in that church for years and never heard such things, which isn't true. . However, as Michael Ahrens of GOP.com tweeted, Ellison knew what kind of man Farrakhan was then and what kind of man he still is today. Ahrens tweeted, “In 1993, Farrakhan told women: “.” In 1994, Farrakhan said: “.” All this came *before* Ellison as “a role model” in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan’s newspaper in 1998.” In 1993, Farrakhan told women: "." In 1994, Farrakhan said: "." All this came *before* Ellison as "a role model" in 1995, and was photographed selling Farrakhan's newspaper in 1998. pic.twitter.com/5dvnDHTSoB — Michael Ahrens (@michael_ahrens) October 22, 2018 Ellison is a totalitarian-minded individual, who has been supported by Communists and Islamists alike. As the old saying goes, "." Consider Keith Ellison to be a flea-infested political con man. Scorecard: See If Your Representative Or Senator Supports The Second Amendment Or Not With just weeks to go till the 2018 midterm elections, there are lots of seats . With that in mind, one of the most important areas our representatives need to be strong in is on your right to keep and bear arms, protected in the Second Amendment. Gun Owners of America has . GOA Executive Director Erich Pratt writes: is , now that Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been confirmed to the Supreme Court. take our poll - story continues below Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? Should military force be used to stop the caravan of migrants marching toward the U.S. border? * Yes, military force should be used. No, keep the military out of it. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. . And that’s why GOA is putting the 2018 Congressional Voter Scorecard into your hands. There is a lot that’s . If the Democrats take over the Congress, Nancy Pelosi has already said that passing gun control is one of her top priorities. But we have . According to a recent study, the gun issue is . The study reported that gun owners are more likely to show up to vote than those who support gun control. This is encouraging news. Having said that, gun owners can’t make informed choices if they don’t know who the pro-gun candidates are. So to that end, Gun Owners of America has released the recent voting records of your congressman and senators. Our New Muslim Representatives As expected, two Muslim women, Rashida Tlaib in Michigan and Ilhan Omar in Minnesota, to Congress. The establishment media will celebrate these victories as ”; . Tlaib is a vociferous foe of Israel. With the Democrats now regaining control of the House, Tlaib is likely to be an energetic proponent of the new majority’s the Middle East’s only democracy. The House is likely to do all it can to roll back President Trump’s pro-Israel polices, with Tlaib as well as Omar as becoming the public faces of the effort. According to the JTA, when Tlaib was asked if she would vote against military aid to Israel, Tlaib responded: “Absolutely, if it has something to do with inequality and not access to people having justice. .” What kind of injustice? . She did say, however, that she favors a one-state, not two-state, “solution” to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict: “One state. It has to be one state. Separate but equal does not work. I’m only 42 years old but my teachers were of that generation that marched with Martin Luther King. This whole idea of a two-state solution, .” Indeed it doesn’t. A Palestinian state would be a new base for renewed jihad attacks against Israel. But a “one-state solution” would be even worse, unless that state is the current State of Israel, but that is not the one state Tlaib has in mind. She is calling for an Israeli/Palestinian state that would not be a Jewish State or a homeland for the Jewish people, but a federation in which Palestinians would soon overwhelm Jews demographically. Progressive denial of their rights would soon follow: as I show in my book The History of Jihad From Muhammad to ISIS, there has never been a majority Muslim nation in which Jews enjoyed equality of rights with Muslims. Tlaib’s unitary state would be no different. The hijabed (and therefore pro-Sharia) Ilhan Omar, meanwhile, . According to the Daily Wire, in 2012 Omar tweeted: “Israel has the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them see . #Gaza #Palestine #Israel.” Challenged about this tweet much more recently, the man who called attention to the tweet: “Drawing attention to the apartheid Israeli regime is far from hating Jews. .” . David Steinberg of PJ Media has done in shedding light on aspects of Omar’s record that the establishment media has . Steinberg reports that Omar has “faced allegations -- soon backed by a remarkable amount of evidence -- that she had married her own brother in 2009, and was still legally his wife. They officially divorced in December 2017. The motivation for the marriage remains unclear. However, the totality of the evidence points to possible immigration fraud and student loan fraud.” What’s more, she swore to apparent falsehoods in court. But Leftists rarely have to answer for their corruption, and in a Democrat House, Omar will much more likely be celebrated than investigated. She and Tlaib will enjoy establishment media accolades as they pursue their hard-Left, anti-American, anti-Israel agenda. Their presence in the House of Representatives may be evidence of “diversity,” but it is also a disquieting sign of the continued dominance of identity politics, and of the American body politic. . Assange Never Met Manafort. Luke Harding and the Guardian Publish Still More . Amazingly, more Ecuadorean Government documents have just been discovered for the Guardian, this time spy agency reports detailing visits of Paul Manafort and ” to the Embassy. , this is the day after Mueller announced that Manafort’s plea deal was over. The problem with this latest fabrication is that Moreno had already released the visitor logs to the Mueller inquiry. Neither Manafort nor these “” are in the visitor logs. This is impossible. The visitor logs were not kept by Wikileaks, but by the very strict Ecuadorean security. Nobody was ever admitted without being entered in the logs. The procedure was very thorough. To go in, you had to submit your passport (no other type of document was accepted). A copy of your passport was taken and the passport details entered into the log. Your passport, along with your mobile phone and any other electronic equipment, was retained until you left, along with your bag and coat. I feature in the logs every time I visited. There were no exceptions. For an exception to be made for Manafort and ” would have had to be a decision of the Government of Ecuador, not of Wikileaks, and that would be so exceptional the reason for it would surely have been noted in the now leaked supposed Ecuadorean “intelligence report” of the visits. What possible motive would the Ecuadorean government have for facilitating secret unrecorded visits by Paul Manafort? Furthermore it is impossible that the intelligence agency – who were in charge of the security – would not know the identity of these alleged “”. . My friend William Binney, , former Technical Director of the NSA, has stated that it is impossible the DNC servers were hacked, the technical evidence shows it was a download to a directly connected memory stick. . I would love to believe that the fact Julian has never met Manafort is bound to be established. . . . I am not a fan of Donald Trump. . . Assange is not – he is , . . Watch: Campus Commie Has Profanity-Laden Hissy Fit, Pours Beverage on FSU Republicans Extreme leftists have been resorting to hysterical profanity-laden melodramatic hissy fits when they encounter people they disagree with. These incidents tend to occur on college campuses. It doesn’t take much these people. The latest comes from an admitted supporter of communism at Florida State University. Watch this leftist loon pour her beverage on FSU Republicans as she states . WATCH: Angry leftist pours her beverage on FSU Republicans and says . pic.twitter.com/1UDRxSZXE1 — Kyle Morris (@RealKyleMorris) November 1, 2018 By the way…where are her pants? “They All Look The Same” – Hillary After Booker/Holder Mix-Up This article was originally published by Tyler Durden at Zero Hedge Being the paragon of political-correctness and queen of virtue-signaling opportunism, Hillary Clinton sat down with Recode’s Kara Swisher this weekend to answer questions about conservative opponents have been in the last few months. The conversation began normally, with Clinton the progressive line of identity politics by explaining how each of the groups are different but can be managed by the same liberal movement: “What’s often called political correctness is politeness,” Clinton said. “It’s not being rude and insulting to people. It’s respecting the diversity that we have in our society,” she said. “The Democratic Party is a much more diverse political party, attracting people who are African-American, Latino, LGBT, whatever the reason why people feel more comfortable where they are taken in, where they are included as part of a political movement or party.” “And I don’t think it’s politically correct to say we value that. And I don’t want to go around insulting people. I don’t want to paint with a broad brush every immigrant is this, every African-American is that, every, you know, other person with different religious beliefs or whatever – .” . Just 30 seconds later, as Swisher asked: “what do you think of Cory Booker… saying ‘,’ essentially…” incorrectly recalling Eric Holder’s recent comments. Which Clinton quickly corrected: “Well that was Eric Holder…” Adding, , “Yeah, I know they all look alike,” Clinton joked, triggering howls of laughter from the apparently mind-numbed audience. ? Finally, we have one question – what would have happened if Trump said it? . Democrat’s Friend Louis Farrakhan In Iran: “” Ah yes, Nation