of other what looked like equally-qualified candidates,” Ford replied. When Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) asked Ford “with what degree of certainty do you believe Brett Kavanaugh assaulted you?” Ford replied, “one hundred percent.” Strangely, . She doesn’t know when or where the alleged incident took place, yet she is “one hundred percent” certain it was Kavanaugh who attacked her. At the outset of the hearing, Grassley provided an overview of what Kavanaugh had gone through –including the Democrats’ sordid behavior— since President Trump announced the judge’s nomination on July 9. As part of the confirmation process, Kavanaugh endured his sixth background investigation since 1993. “Nowhere in any of these six FBI reports, which committee investigators have reviewed on a bipartisan basis, was there a whiff of any issue – at all related in any way to inappropriate sexual behavior,” Grassley said. Ford shared her allegations in a letter to the committee’s ranking member, Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), in the summer. The letter remained secret from July 30 through until September 13 when he first learned about it, the chairman said. Instead of sharing the letter with the committee, Feinstein did nothing. Before the hearing, Kavanaugh met privately with 65 senators, including Feinstein, who didn’t ask him about the allegations when she met with him in August. The committee held a four-day public hearing from September 4 to September 7 during which Kavanaugh testified for more than 32 hours in public. Feinstein didn’t attend it, Grassley said. Kavanaugh answered almost 1,300 written questions senators submitted after the hearing. That is “more than all prior Supreme Court nominees,” he said. “Throughout this period, we did not know about the ranking member's secret evidence. Then, only at an 11th hour, on the eve of Judge Kavanaugh's confirmation vote, did the ranking member refer the allegations to the FBI. And then, sadly, the allegations were leaked to the press.” “Every step of the way the Democratic side refused to participate in what should have been a bipartisan investigation,” Grassley said. After Ford’s identity became public, Grassley’s staff “contacted all the individuals she said attended the 1982 party described in the Washington Post article,” he said. Kavanaugh “immediately submitted to an interview under penalty of felony for any knowingly false statements. He denied the allegations categorically.” “Democratic staff was invited to participate and could have asked any questions they wanted to, but they declined. Which leads me then to wonder: ?” Grassley said his staff contacted the other individuals who allegedly attended the party at which the conduct Ford complained of allegedly took place: Mark Judge, Patrick Smyth, and Leland Keyser. “All three submitted statements to the Senate under – under penalty of felony, denying any knowledge of the events described by Dr. Ford. Dr. Ford's lifelong friend, Dr. – Miss Keyser, stated she doesn't know Judge Kavanaugh and doesn't recall ever attending a party with him.” Grassley said his staff repeatedly sought to interview Ford over the past 11 days, “even volunteering to fly to California to take her testimony, but her attorneys refused to prevent – present her allegations to Congress.” “Consistent with their stated desires to obstruct Kavanaugh's nomination” by any means possible, “pushed for FBI investigations into the allegations.” “We've been trying to investigate other allegations,” Grassley said. “At this time, we have not had cooperation from attorneys representing other clients, and they have made no attempt to substantiate their claims.” Attorneys for new Kavanaugh accusers Deborah Ramirez and Julie Swetnick have been approached by committee staff on eight and six occasions, respectively, Grassley said. “Neither attorney has made their clients available for interview. The committee can't do an investigation if attorneys are .” With his performance at the hearing, Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), who is frequently a target of conservatives for on important issues, partly redeemed himself in the eyes of many conservatives. While questioning Kavanaugh, Graham lambasted the confirmation process the judge has been put through, calling it “.” Lashing out at Democrats, Graham said, “If you wanted an FBI investigation, you could have come to us. .” “,” he shouted. “God, I hope you never get it. .” Graham warned fellow GOPers about voting against the nomination. “To my Republican colleagues, . You want this seat? .” Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) attacked Democrats, blaming them for the “ that has been created” since they first Ford's allegations to the media “two weeks ago, after sitting on them for six weeks.” This “has brought us .” “It certainly has brought us no closer to the truth,” Hatch added. “Anonymous letters with no name and no return address are now being treated as national news.” Taking a shot at Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti, Hatch said “ are driving the news cycle.” “I hate to say this, but .” The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on the nomination today at 9:30 a.m. Asked last night about the nomination moving to the floor of the Senate for a final vote, Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) reportedly answered, "Depends on what happens tomorrow." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is planning a procedural vote on Saturday to formally move to the nomination, followed by a potential confirmation vote by the full Senate as soon as Tuesday, Politico reports. A handful of Democrat senators, including the , Joe Manchin of West Virginia, are reportedly considering voting to confirm Kavanaugh when the nomination goes before the full Senate. If Kavanaugh isn’t on the bench Monday, the Supreme Court will be shorthanded as it begins hearing cases in its new term. It normally has a complement of nine justices but with Anthony Kennedy’s retirement July 31, which cleared the way for Kavanaugh’s nomination, there have been only eight justices. Roughly speaking there is a 4-to-4 liberal to conservative ideological split on the court. Democrats are trying to drag the confirmation process into the next Congress where they hope to seize control from Republicans. Election Day is November 6. The GOP currently controls the Senate, which has the final say on judicial nominations, by an uncomfortably close margin of 51 to 49. The confirmation drama continues. Senate Judiciary Committee Vote To Send Kavanaugh Nomination To The Floor The Senate Judiciary Committee voted 11-10 along party lines to advance the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh out of committee to the Senate floor for a vote. Of course, RINO Senator Jeff Flake (R-AZ) wanted to side with Senate Democrats in pushing for a FBI investigation into unsubstantiated allegations against Kavanaugh. Outgoing Flake, and , said that he sided with his colleagues in having a "limited time and scope" investigation by the FBI into the allegations against Kavanaugh. Flake said that he believed it would be proper to delay the floor vote to allow the FBI to conduct an investigation "limited in time" to no more than one week. take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. "," Flake said. He added that he would be more "comfortable" with an FBI investigation. Comfort? ? It's a good thing he'll be leaving the Senate. . Why that investigation is needed is unclear since all the people Dr. Christine Ford named to be at the alleged house where the alleged attack took place all categorically denied the attack took place, including Ford's girl friend. The committee also voted against Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and his motion to subpoena Mark Judge before the committee. While Democrats , specifically and Kamila Harris, that they were in the minority and couldn't control things despite eight years under the Obama regime where Republicans were subjected to far worse, the vote carried and Kavanaugh will be voted on in the US Senate. Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard I'll Say What Kavanaugh Wouldn't: Christine Ford Was Part Of The Political Hit On Him & Here's The Audio Evidence On Thursday, following the hearings where Dr. Christine Ford provided testimony under oath without any evidence at all of a 36-year-old alleged sexual attack by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his friend Mark Judge, Kavanaugh denied the allegations and for their involvement in ruining his good name. However, when asked by Senator Cory Booker whether or not Kavanaugh thought Ford was part of what Kavanaugh referred to as a "" against him, Kavanaugh rightly steered clear of a . However, I am willing to say would he would not: ! I don't say this lightly. There are many things that we heard from Ford on Thursday that indicate there is more going on than she was willing to say. Clearly, Ford has been outed as . However, except with Democrat members of the Senate Judiciary Committee, one of which has openly professed to sexual assault. take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. However, Ford claims she never authorized her July letter to Senator Feinstein to be made public and yet, it was. She didn't seem distraught over that. ? . Ricki Seidman, a Democratic operative and former Clinton White House official who is now an advisor to Mrs. Ford, said in July (at roughly the same time as the letter was submitted) that she predicted a "strategy" forming . She suggested a “strategy will emerge” in a conference call with the American Constitution Society in July. “I do think that over the coming days and weeks there will be a strategy that will emerge, and I think it’s possible that strategy might ultimately defeat the nominee,” Seidman said in audio that was recorded by the Republican National Committee’s War Room. “.” . . She clearly tried to present herself as a victim while she accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault with . Kavanaugh even responded by pointing out that even her friends said they don't recall such an incident and had literally hundreds of people commend his character as the direct opposite of what Ford claims. As I've said before, I don't support Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court on the grounds of lack of constitutional rulings, but . It's wrong. Ford didn't even think to act, according to her testimony, until Kavanaugh was on the short list, ? Nope. She went to her US Democrat representative, Senator Dianne Feinstein and The Washington Post. If that is not political, I don't know what is. . Kavanaugh's nomination was passed out of committee on Friday and will go to the Senate floor for a confirmation vote. For a quick run down of the political hit on Kavanaugh, take a look at this short synopsis by Paul Joseph Watson. Article posted with permission from The Washington Standard President Trump Orders FBI Investigation Into Kavanaugh Following Democrat Thought Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been through at least 6 FBI background checks, because of Senate Democrat and RINO Republican Senator Jeff Flake's desire to have another FBI investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by Kavanaugh with zero evidence, President Trump succumbed to the pressure and issued an executive order on Friday that authorizes another FBI background check into Kavanaugh. “I’ve ordered the FBI to conduct a supplemental investigation to update Judge Kavanaugh’s file. As the Senate has requested, this update must be limited in scope and completed in less than one week,” the president said in a statement. The scope and one-week limitations were what Senator Jeff Flake proposed just prior to the vote that passed the Kavanaugh nomination out of committee and to the Senate for a vote on his confirmation. take our poll - story continues below Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? Who should replace Nikki Haley as our ambassador to the U.N.? * John Bolton Richard Grenell Dina Powell Heather Nauert Ivanka Trump Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. The statement came just a day after Senate Democrats continued their of Kavanaugh by declaring they believed Dr. Christine Ford's allegations against him while at the same time obviously not believing his denial of the allegations. On top of that, there has been zero evidence submitted to the committee that Ford's allegations are true. In fact, everything submitted has refuted her claims, from sworn statements by those she claims were there to Kavanaugh's calendar to character statements by dozens of women who have known him since high school to those he has worked with in DC. All of the people named by Ford have already submitted statements that they have no memory of the event ever occurring, including a female friend of hers at the time. Two of those named have stated that they will cooperate with the FBI. “I will cooperate with any law enforcement agency that is assigned to confidentially investigate these allegations,” Kavanaugh friend Mark Judge said. “My client, Patrick J. Smyth, is happy to cooperate fully with this FBI investigation,” said attorney Eric B. Bruce. Kavanaugh also said he would be cooperating as he has in the past. “Throughout this process, I’ve been interviewed by the FBI, I’ve done a number of ‘background’ calls directly with the Senate, and yesterday, I answered questions under oath about every topic the Senators and their counsel asked me," Kavanaugh said in a statement that was released by the White House. "I’ve done everything they have requested and will continue to cooperate." Well, Senator Flake has given the Democrats what they wanted and you can bet that they are still going to vote pretty much on party lines concerning Kavanaugh. Now, President Trump has gone along with it. My guess is that one of two things will occur with the FBI investigation: (1) , and this will have been a or (2) look for this thing to expand and the need will arise to make this , which will dwarf anything Clarence Thomas had to face from the accusations of Anita Hill. Remember, whether you like Judge Kavanaugh or not, this has been nothing but a . Dina Powell, a Valerie Jarrett/Huma Abedin Pal, Should Not Be UN Ambassador President Trump came in promising to drain the swamp. Dina Powell is the . You can see her out there at the Clinton Global Initiative, next to Samantha Power, palling around with Valerie Jarrett or Huma Abedin. Dina Habib Powell was an influential figure in the Bush administration. The Egyptian-American immigrant had served as a gatekeeper for George W. Bush. If you wanted a job, you went through her. Barely 30, Habib Powell had more power than many of the big Bush era names you do know. Then she took on the mission of promoting America to the Muslim world at the State Department. There were cultural exchanges with Iran and money for Lebanon and the Palestinian Authority. Afterward it was off to make millions through philanthropy at the Goldman Sachs Foundation. Habib Powell had all the right friends. Like Valerie Jarrett. Arianna Huffington praised the White House for bringing her in. Her ex-husband heads up Teneo Strategy: the organization created by the same man who made the Clinton Foundation happen and which employed Huma Abedin. You could see her posing next to Huma, Arianna and a Saudi princess. You can see her photographed at the American Task Force of Palestine gala. The ATFP was originally Rashid Khalidi’s American Committee on Jerusalem. Khalidi was the former PLO spokesman at the center of the Obama tape scandal. And Habib Powell was there as a presenter at the Middle East Institute after a speech by the PLO’s Hanan Ashrawi. Unlike McFarland, Habib Powell had no national security background. But though her parents were Christians, she had the “right” views on Islam. In Egypt, she had described how Bush after September 11 had, “visited a mosque, took off his shoes and paid his respects.” "I see the president talk of Islam as a religion of peace, I see him host an iftar every year.” Habib Powell had attended such an iftar dinner. Habib Powell has been described as the Republican Huma Abedin. And she was quoted as saying that Abedin “feels a deep responsibility to encourage more mutual understanding between her beliefs and culture and .” And Powell has been on cheerful terms with at least one Obama unmasker. And with Clintonworld people. In 2015, Dina Powell – President Donald Trump’s Deputy National Security Adviser in 2017 – sat down with far left-wing United Nations Ambassador Samantha Power for an interview. In that interview, Powell heaped effusive praise upon Power and can be seen nodding in agreement throughout. Power was a senior adviser to President Barack Obama. At the time, Powell – an executive with Goldman Sachs – was pushing a pet project known as 10,000 women, which is ostensibly intended to foster female entrepreneurship. When Powell was at Goldman Sachs, her right-hand woman in the 10,000 Women program was Noa Meyer. Perhaps not so coincidentally, Meyer worked in the Bill Clinton administration’s speech-writing office of then first-lady Hillary Clinton. Powell herself, is very comfortable with Hillary Clinton. In 2013, she shared a stage with Hillary at the Clinton Global Initiative. In 2007, Powell was named to the Board of a Hillary Clinton project known as ‘Vital Voices’,another operation that touts Global Ambassadorial missions for women. On June 14, 2016 Powell participated in a Summit known as the United State of Women(USW), which with her pet project. USW was also rife with seeking to get Hillary Clinton elected in 2016. In fact, Barack Obama’s closest adviser Valerie Jarrett introduced Powell, who returned the introduction with effusive praise for Jarrett. The ex-Goldman Sachs executive has befriended Obama’s closest adviser, Valerie Jarrett. She is also very cozy with Hillary Clinton’s closest advisers Huma Abedin and Philippe Reines. Now there's once again talk of moving Dina Powell in. This time into Nikki Halley's old spot as UN Ambassador. The talk comes from the GOP establishment. Powell should not be at the NSC, where she replaced K.T. McFarland, who was qualified for the job,