throws the drink in the face of a 16-year-old boy. With hat in hand, the man walks away saying “.” The boy, Hunter Richard, said the man also pulled his hair while taking the hat, according to reports by News4SA. “ and if you don’t, let’s have a conversation about it instead of ripping my hat off. I just think a conversation about politics is more productive for the entire whole rather than taking my hat and yelling subjective words to me,” he told the local NBC affiliate. A police report was filed and a man was fired for stealing the hat and the assault (throwing a drink in a s face.) The post below, claiming a person was fired for the actions against Richard, had been removed or made private, meaning some may not see it. Door Boy Attacks Teen Down in San Antonio, Texas the and predilections of the left reared its head once again. A a teenager who was wearing a hat. The , Kino Jimenez, took the boy’s hat, yelled at him, and then threw a drink in the boy’s face before walking off (and stealing the hat ). The entire event was caught on camera (by the teen’s friend who was with him), and the police are investigating. take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Here’s what happened: Where Trump supporters can't even have a meal in peace? https://t.co/9g1BSiw8LS — The Columbia Bugle 🇺🇸 (@ColumbiaBugle) July 5, 2018 The attack took place in a Whataburger restaurant, and the corporation was quick to condemn the man’s actions: “We were shocked to see this video and certainly don’t condone this type of customer behavior in our restaurants. To be clear, no Whataburger employees were involved or witnessed the incident, and we ask that questions be directed to San Antonio PD as we continue supporting their efforts.” Jimenez, who is 30, seems to have only had a part-time job. His employer was a San Antonio nightspot called Rumble. Immediately upon learning of the , the bar announced that it had fired Jimenez because they believed such behavior was , uncalled for, and not in keeping with Rumble’s welcoming personality. On their Facebook page, they wrote, “…We have since terminated this employee, as his actions go against everything that this establishment stands for. Rumble has, and always will be, a bar that is as inclusive as any establishment could possibly be. THIS BAR IS A ! No matter your race, creed, ethnicity, sexual identity, and political stance, you are welcomed here!” Rumble said on Facebook that Jimenez worked as a “part-time door guy.” They added, “We do not condone these types of actions or behavior. If you have any questions or concerns please message us privately. We support and appreciate your business.” Contrary to what you might believe about Jimenez… he is/was a Democrat! No, he is further to the Left and was an active member of the Green Party. However, upon learning of his behavior the local Green Party told the media that Jimenez had been cut off from the party for his uncalled for attack on a child. “We all have different opinions of , but we don’t take it out on who just happen to have a hat on,” Gavino Zarate, secretary of the Harris County Green Party told Heavy. “You may not like the hat or you may not like the president, but you don’t show that kind of aggression toward teenagers. It goes against everything the Green Party stands for. . We do not take our aggression out on innocent young people.” Some on the right have connected the attack to Maxine Waters’ call for Democrats to confront members of the Trump administration whenever, and wherever they happened to find them. Leftists have said the connection is unfair, because Waters’ was only calling for accosting Trump administration officials. My question is; how big of a leap would it be for a normal, rational adult to go from confronting administration officials to attacking the people who elected them to power? Not much in my mind. The reality is that the Democrats are as much to blame for the and rhetoric in America today as Donald Trump is. Article posted with permission from Constitution.com Soldiers of the Cross - Who the Real & Counterfeits Are! “If you want to change the future you are going to have to trouble the present.”-William Booth Before I begin, I need to make clear that the best leaders are the best followers, and that of the Christ (John 14:6). With that said, Isn't it funny how things work in this world, . After I got saved, as they say (John 3:3), I remember my mother calling me up and saying, “The family wants to know what is wrong with you.” take our poll - story continues below Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? Will Brett Kavanaugh be confirmed to the Supreme Court? * Yes, he will be confirmed. No, he will not be confirmed. Email * Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. "What’s wrong with me?" I laughingly replied. I said, "Mom, when I was in doing the things that I was doing, nobody said anything, and no one had a problem with what I was doing, that is until I started to emulate (obey) Jesus Christ" (1 John 2:6). This reminds me of when I gave a prayer at the state capital in Minnesota. After the prayer was over, I had a minister come up to me and tell me that I could not be dropping the “J” (Jesus) word in the capital. I said that (Romans 1:16). What of public high schools across the country that we have been going into in order to educate the youth as to who we are, and not what would have them believe that we are. We have shown the young people that (Proverbs 6:17). . We have taught that , and how it is a felony in every state in our union (Leviticus 18:22; 20:13; Jude 1:7). How true Scripture is when it declares: “Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil; that put darkness for light, and light for darkness; that put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter!" No wonder why thought that the Christians who were following the living Christ were turning the world upside down in the book of Acts. They were, in fact, turning the world right side up (Acts 17:6). Identifying the genuine from the counterfeit Last week, I had a woman come up to me at my last meeting in Amery, Wisconsin. She said that she did her research on me and said that the media really attacked me. I responded with, "." . (John 15:22). I told her that there are too many , out there . Apparently they have a reputation to keep up. Philippians 2:7-9 These are those that sit behind the status of some sort of church or . ? . There is no absolutes with these people. . After all you can always tell what a man stands for by the enemies that he has. They day after day. Yet, they fail to confront the issues that needed to be confronted. ! They are . ). These are willing as long as it is not them that have to sacrifice to maintain it. There is also a group of people out there that have to be friends with everyone (and have to apologize to any that they may have told the truth lest they should (2 Corinthians 7:10) as they congregate week after week (Matthew 5:10). As a matter of fact, (Galatians 4:29). Maybe this group of people should ask their enemies for instructions as to how change is brought about, and -taking place in this country (Matthew 24:12). (Philippians 3:18). Furthermore, I said to this woman that this is how you can tell who are that are in the fight and . When the church and the world can , you can be sure something is wrong. The world has not compromised—its spirit is exactly the same as it ever was. . (John 7:7) It is the church that has compromised, not the world. – Catherine Booth The way to gauge those who are actually is to see who is in the midst of a continuous warfare (always in trouble, etc) because they trust in the living God (Matthew 11:12; 1 Timothy 6:12). John Calvin said, “Whomsoever the Lord has adopted and deemed worthy of His fellowship ought to prepare themselves for a .” And of course to this is foreign. Article posted with permission from Sons Of Liberty Media ! “I have some things we’re thinking about,” Trump said of North Korea at a news conference in Warsaw. “Doesn’t mean we’re going to do them.” What President Trump really meant is that he has painted the US into a corner with all his threats of war and really does not know what to do next. North Korea called his ‘or else’ bluff. Good. No action on North Korea is better than any conceivable military operation. Last week the North Korea test fired a new, longer-ranged strategic missile, Hwasong-14, that US experts claimed was capable of hitting Alaska and perhaps even San Francisco. North Korea is now believed to have mastered a lightweight nuclear warhead that can be carried by the Hwasong and shorter-ranged Taepodong and Nodong missiles. North Korea can’t today seriously threaten North America with missile strikes, but it probably will by 2019. Meanwhile, North Korean nuclear and conventionally-armed missiles (and this could include poison gas and biological warheads) today the 80,000 plus US military personnel based in Japan, South Korea and Guam. . American Raj: Liberati... Eric Margolis Best Price: $5.99 Buy New $46.29 (as of 07:40 EDT - Details) Add tens of millions of South Korean and Japanese civilians who are at risk of North Korean retaliation. Half of South Korea’s capitol, Seoul, is within range of North Korean heavy artillery and rocket batteries dug into the so-called Demilitarized Zone. It would take . . Why are we even talking about nuclear war in North Asia? Because North Korea has for decades to build nuclear weapons for the sole reason of deterring a major US attack, including the use by the US of tactical nuclear weapons. Pakistan to afford nuclear weapons to offset the from far more powerful India. Israel uses the same argument to justify its large nuclear arsenal. After Washington overthrew the rulers of Iraq and Libya, it became that small nations without nuclear weapons were vulnerable to US ‘regime change’ operations. The North Koreans, who are , rushed to accelerate their nuclear weapons and delivery systems. Almost equally important, North Korea boasts one of the word’s biggest armies – 1,020,000 men, 88,000 crack special forces, and an trained militia of over 5 million. The North’s weapons are obsolescent; its small air forces and navy will be vaporized by but its troops are deeply dug into the mountainous terrain and would be fighting from prepared positions. – even a repeat of the , stalemated 1950-52 Korean War in which 39,000 Americans and at least 2.5 million Koreans died. I’ve been in the deep North Korean-dug tunnels under the Demilitarized Zone. A full division can be moved through in only 60 minutes. Ever since being in Vietnam and fought to a draw in Afghanistan, the US military has preferred to attack small countries like Panama, Grenada, Somalia, Yemen, Iraq and Syria. The Pentagon is not eager to tangle with the tough North Koreans. Estimates of the cost of a US invasion of North Korea have run as high as 250,000 US casualties and tens of billions of dollars. Seemingly heedless of these hard facts, President Trump – in the 1960’s – keeps beating the war drums over North Korea and needling its thin-skinned regime with naval exercises, over-flights, and intensifying bombast. North Korea’s Kim Jong-un has played right along, clearly relishing his with Donald Trump. Trump seemed certain he could somehow cajole China into disarming North Korea’s nuclear arsenal. But the administration’s amateur foreign policymakers failed to understand that the only “deal” that could get China to disarm the North was by agreeing to remove all US military bases from the region – South Korea, Japan and Guam – and also moving the US Seventh Fleet far from China’s coasts. War at the Top of the ... Eric Margolis Best Price: $2.60 Buy New $24.57 (as of 06:55 EDT - Details) Growing US over North Korea, a nation of only 25 million, recalls the propaganda storm launched by Washington to justify its invasion of equally small Iraq. The US ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, has become point-woman for at North Korea even though this ’s in her native South Carolina. Everyone seems to have forgotten, or ignores, that North Korea, South Korea and the United States remain in a state of war. The 1950-52 Korean War ended with a cease-fire, not a peace. The US has been trying to overthrow and undermine North Korea’s Stalinist regimes ever since, using military , subversion and economic warfare. Talk of US-South Korean plans to “’ North Korea’s leadership with missile strikes and commando raids keeps giving Pyongyang the jitters. South Korea’s new president, Moon Jae-in, demanded that his nation be consulted before any military action. But Moon’s pleas have been largely ignored by Trump. Most South Koreans shrug off the North’s and seek to avoid war at all costs. Of course. They would be the primary victims. The US has spent over $200 billion on ballistic anti-missile systems in recent years designed to stop North Korean missiles. Unfortunately, these ABM systems don’t work very well. More will have to be spent before these anti-missile systems become reliable. Would it not be easier and less expensive for Trump to recognize North Korea, set up diplomatic relations, stop trying to overthrow the Kim regime, and finally end the Korean War? The Best of Eric Margolis The Are Never Coming Back Shop all books by Pat Buchanan With conservatives bailing on the GOP and crying out for the Party of Pelosi to save us, some truths need to be restated. The Republican Party of Bush I and II, of Bob Dole and John McCain, . . Unlike the Bourbons after the Revolution and , after Napoleon and the Empire, no restoration is in the cards. . The GOP’s policies of recent decades — the New World Order of George H.W. Bush, the crusades for democracy of Bush II — , and are seen as having . With Trump’s capture of the party they were repudiated. . What were the historic ? Nixonu2019s White Hous... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.38 Buy New $10.01 (as of 10:15 EDT - Details) It was not supporting tax cuts, deregulation, conservative judges and justices, or funding a defense second to none. Donald Trump has delivered on these as well as any president since Reagan. The that the Bush party, and that represented departures from Reaganite traditionalism and conservatism, are: First, the hubristic drive, despite the warnings of statesmen like George Kennan, to exploit our Cold War victory and pursue a policy of permanent containment of a Russia that had lost a third of its territory and half its people. We moved NATO into Eastern Europe and the Baltic, onto her doorstep. We abrogated the ABM treaty Nixon had negotiated and moved defensive missiles into Poland. John McCain pushed to bring Ukraine and Georgia into NATO, and even to send U.S. forces to face off against Russian troops. Thus we got a second Cold War that need never have begun and that our allies seem content to let us fight alone. Europe today is not afraid of Vladimir Putin reaching the Rhine. Europe is afraid of Africa and the Middle East reaching the Danube. Let , who relish playing empire, pay for NATO. Second, in a reflexive response to 9/11, we invaded Afghanistan and Iraq, dumped over the regime in Libya, armed rebels to overthrow Bashar Assad in Syria, and backed Saudi intervention in a Yemeni civil war, creating a in that poorest of Arab countries that is exceeded in only by the Syrian civil war. The Greatest Comeback:... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $3.13 Buy New $6.00 (as of 08:50 EDT - Details) Since Y2K, hundreds of thousands in the Middle East have perished, the ancient Christian community has all but ceased to exist, and the refugees now . What are the gains for democracy from these wars, all backed enthusiastically by the Republican establishment? , rather than confessing their sins at second-thoughts conferences? The GOP elite also played a role in throwing open U.S. markets to China and ceding transnational corporations full freedom to move factories and jobs there and ship their Chinese-made goods back here, free of charge. Result: In three decades, the U.S. has run up $12 trillion in merchandise trade deficits — $4 trillion with China — and Beijing’s revenue from the USA has more than covered China’s defense budget for most of those years. Beijing swept past Italy, France, Britain, Germany and Japan to become the premier manufacturing power on earth and a geo-strategic rival. Now, from East Africa to Sri Lanka in the Indian Ocean, and from the South and East China Sea to Taiwan, Beijing’s expansionist ambitions have become clear. And where are the Republicans responsible for building up this potentially power that our technology? Talking of building a Reagan-like Navy to contain the mammoth they nourished. Since the Cold War, America’s elites have been exhibiting symptoms of that associated since Rome with declining and falling empires. Churchill, Hitler, and... Patrick J. Buchanan Best Price: $6.20 Buy New $6.00 (as of 12:40 EDT - Details) While GOP grass roots have begged for measures to control our bleeding southern border, they were regularly denounced as nativists by party elites, many of whom are now backing Trump’s wall. For decades, America’s elites failed to see that the transnational moment of the post-Cold War era was passing and an era of rising nationalism and tribalism was at hand. “We live in a time,” said U2’s Bono this week, “when institutions as vital to human progress as the United Nations are under attack.” The institutions Bono referenced — the U.N., EU, NATO — all