made it to Syria via Turkey. And third, he came from a secular home that was stable. His life before joining the caliphate was unremarkable. He obtained an associate’s degree in criminal justice and worked as a bus driver in Alexandria, Va. He also abused marijuana over the past few years. Khweis’ defense attorney said Friday that even he has no idea what caused Khweis to join ISIS. “It’s difficult to understand,” defense attorney John Zwerling said Friday. “We don’t really know what caused him to travel to Syria.” From the very start of his trial, Khweis said he regretted his actions and said his decision to join ISIS in December 2015 was a . “I hated myself for making the worst decision I ever made,” Khweis wrote to the judge in a letter. “.” Prosecutors, who pushed for 35 years in prison, accused Khweis of lying repeatedly over the last 15 months of the trial. When Khweis was first captured in Iraq in March 2016, he told the FBI that he was following a young woman. However, that young woman didn’t exist. “This defendant ,” prosecutor Dennis Fitzpatrick said. “He got into the Islamic State. He was in their machinery. .” Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation Local Police & Feds Impose INFORMATION BLACKOUT in Las Vegas Shooting There already was a blackout on the worst mass murder in modern American history. 58 dead, hundreds wounded, the savagery of the Vegas attack is unspeakable, and . . This is a stunning indictment of the FBI. . Where is the outrage? And while the has dismissed out of hand jihad as a motive, here is what we know: ISIS has claimed responsibility for the Vegas slaughter. ISIS does not claim credit for events that are not theirs. They have double and tripled down on their claim. They have said that Stephen Paddock had converted to Islam six months ago, and they revealed his Islamic name as Abu Abd Abdulbar al Ameriki. Paddock made multiple trips to the Middle East. The FBI has not spoken of his itinerary or who he met with. His girlfriend Mari Danley had relatives in Dubai. Over 200 of Paddock’s foreign financial transactions were flagged for possible covert terrorism financing. Paddock transferred $100,000 to his girlfriend in the Philippines, now an ISIS foothold. Paddock removed the hard drive before he committed suicide. The San Bernardino jihad attackers did the same thing. If you recall, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik threw their hard drives in a lake near their home, and despite Herculean efforts by law enforcement, the hard drives were never recovered. AUTHORITIES PUT BRAKES ON INFORMATION FLOW IN LAS VEGAS SHOOTING By Rachel Crosby Las Vegas Review-Journal, October 26, 2017: Fifty-eight people killed. More than 500 injured. And yet, nearly a month after the Las Vegas Strip experienced the worst mass shooting in modern American history, . It wasn’t always like this. In the days after Oct. 1, when Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd from his Mandalay Bay corner suite, Las Vegas police were hosting multiple news conferences a day. Then, once a day. Then, once every few days. They compiled and released snippets of officers’ body camera footage. They spent several minutes answering specific questions. They released a comprehensive timeline, which ended up being wrong. They took it back, and tried to clarify the errors, but instead caused more confusion. By Oct. 13 — the last time the Metropolitan Police Department or the FBI addressed the media or public — something had changed. The sheriff, who had been straightforward and stern, was now emotional and at times combative. Both he and the FBI failed to provide much new information, and at the end of the meeting, they refused to take questions. Since that day, the only person who has shed more light on the investigation is Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos, who was shot in the leg while approaching the gunman’s room. His platform to share that information? “The Ellen DeGeneres Show,” which aired last week. He hasn’t made himself available to the media since. “It doesn’t matter,” FBI spokeswoman Sandra Breault told the Las Vegas Review-Journal on Thursday, when asked why there had been no significant updates in two weeks. “It’s an ongoing investigation, and unless there’s something to report, there will not be a briefing.” Calls to the national FBI office were forwarded back to Breault at the Las Vegas office. At least twice this week, the Las Vegas Review-Journal has asked to speak with Sheriff Joe Lombardo about the shooting investigation. Both times, reporters were told by Carla Alston, the Police Department’s director of communications, that the sheriff “will not be conducting interviews.” “As he has stated previously, the case is still ongoing” she said in an email Thursday. “Another media briefing will be held when we have new and accurate information.” When asked when that briefing would be, Alston guessed it could occur in the next two weeks. The Review-Journal also specifically asked about the more than 50,000 hours of overtime that Metro officers have logged since Oct. 1 on work directly related to the shooting investigation. “Investigators have made progress on investigative leads and in mapping out Stephen Paddock’s life for the last few years — and they’re still not done,” Alston said. “We still have officers dedicated to this case 24/7.” She agreed that members of the public have a right to know more, “but they have a right to accurate information and not the speculation … that has filled so many news stories the past month.” Nearly a month after the mass shooting, the gunman’s motive remains a mystery. More straightforward questions also remain unanswered, including whether the 32nd floor of Mandalay Bay — where the gunman was staying — has surveillance cameras, and what exactly investigators collected in the gunman’s hotel room and homes. Authorities also have not said how long the gunman had a “do not disturb” sign on his hotel door, and whether hotel staff saw something suspicious in his room but failed to report it. Though authorities have described the investigation as a team effort, they have not explained what role Las Vegas police, the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are playing in the case. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller. Pamela Geller's commitment to freedom from jihad and Shariah shines forth in her books America's Immigration Voice. Kritarch Patti Saris is in the news again. She is one of many Federal District Court Judges who want to run immigration policy, despite the fact that the Constitution gives authority over immigration to Congress, and Congress has allocated considerable authority to the President. This writer exposed her attempted violation of the Constitution after she initially stopped the deportation of a number of Indonesians back to Indonesia as she saw it unjust and decided to substitute her moral judgment for the laws of the United States. Kritarch Patti Saris Federal courts do not have direct authority over immigration matters, which are handled by the Executive Office for Immigration Review, but Chief Judge Patti Saris of the US District Court in Boston wrote in a court filing on Wednesday that she has a say over the terms of his confinement. US Judge Rejects Bid to Dismiss Indonesian Immigrant's Lawsuit, Jakarta Globe/Reuters, October 25, 2017 "The district court holds jurisdiction to review habeas [corpus] challenges to unlawful immigration detention," Saris wrote. Writs of challenge illegal detention. At a Friday hearing, Saris expressed concern that ICE had broken its word with Rombot after telling him in 2015 that he would "be given an opportunity to prepare for an orderly departure" before being deported. She also expressed concern he was being held alongside potentially violent criminals. Her problem though was that the law and precedent are on the side of the continued deportation of aliens. Kritarch Saris has apparently seen the SCOTUS writing on the wall, and perhaps and decided that she will acquiesce on the major issue, but fight on a minor issue. Commonly this the pattern of Judges who don't want to be overruled as frequently as 9th Circuit Judges do. Saris has apparently decided to bend to the inevitable in the case of Indonesians, who had years of hearings and appeals, all to naught, but do a little sabotage instead.However, .What we have here is that Saris realized she has no authority over the deportation of , but she will do her best to in the works by attempting to get released from custody, so they can then disappear into the United States and consequently not be deported. (a) Arrest, detention, and release On a warrant issued by the Attorney General, an alien may be arrested and detained pending a decision on whether the alien is to be removed from the United States. Except as provided in subsection (c) and pending such decision, the Attorney General—(1) may continue to detain the arrested alien One of the immigrants, Terry Helmuth Rombot, has been in federal custody since appearing for an August check-in. Lawyers submitted a letter to him from ICE saying that as part of the 2010 deal he would be allowed to leave the country in an “orderly” way. “ICE decided that the most orderly way for him to depart was for us to remove him,” Stevens said. Saris expressed a dim view of that move. “The government broke a promise,” Saris said. “That’s the thing I‘m concerned about here.” U.S. Judge Wrestles With Issue Of Indonesian Immigrants, by Scott Malone, Reuters, October 20, 2017 However, the law is quite clear, the United States has the authority to detain ; T itle 8 of the United States Code, Section 1226, Arrest And Detention Of Aliens , gives such authority to the Executive Branch.And despite her realization that she has no authority over immigration policy, or that she will just be overruled, Saris again reaches, , when illegal aliens weren't deported.Kritarch Saris is in the wrong on both counts; she has neither authority over the detention of nor any authority to continue the Obama Regime Administrative Amnesty. , unwilling to submit her hunger for power and ideology to the Constitution and the law. . Officials Warn: Airborne The bubonic plague outbreak that is taking Madagascar to its knees will more than likely last another six months. But the worst news is that . At least 128 people have been killed and more than 1,300 infected by the deadlier pneumonic strain of the medieval disease. But the oncoming rainy season could see the number of those infected exponentially. The rainy season poses a threat to the containment of the plague because outbreaks of this magnitude often seem to be seasonal. The Foreign Office recently warned that . Its website said that “outbreaks of plague tend to be seasonal and occur mainly during the rainy season.” The African island’s wet season officially began today and will last until the end of April, meaning . Because the disease can be spread easily through a cough or sneeze, experts are fearful. traveler who made it to Africa’s mainland or even nearby British honeymoon paradises like Mauritius, the Maldives or the Seychelles to spread the disease globally. The Seychelles is currently putting anyone traveling from Madagascar into quarantine on arrival as a precaution. . Famadihana is the “dancing with the dead” ritual which sees locals dig up deceased relatives and dance with them before they are reburied. Just contact with a corpse who’s death was because they contracted the plague could sicken a person. The country’s health chief Willy Randriamarotia said: “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for a Famadihana, the bacteria .” , but it is feared ceremonies have taken place regardless as . This latest warning that the rainy season could worsen the outbreak comes on the heels of the reports that British aid workers said the epidemic will get worse before it gets better. Olivier Le Guillou of Action Against Hunger said: “ As many as 50 aid workers are believed to have been among the 1,200 people infected with the more dangerous airborne pneumonic strain of the disease. SO MUCH FOR MERCY & DIALOGUE: Member of Vatican International Theological Commission Sacked for Questioning Pope of Mercy & Dialogue The Catholic Twitterverse is alive today with criticism of the USCCB’s decision to sack Fr. Thomas Weinandy, the former head of their doctrinal office. It took a matter of hours for the to leap into action against the mild Franciscan friar’s polite plea to Pope Francis to defend the Catholic Faith and faithful. Or at least to stop attacking them. In a letter made public November 1st, Fr. Weinandy, a former chief of staff for the U.S. Bishops’ Committee on Doctrine and a member of the Vatican’s International Theological Commission, warned Pope Francis that he has caused “chronic confusion” among the faithful and bishops. He wrote to the pope, “.” He added that Catholics are “disconcerted” by the appointment of bishops “who seem not merely open to those who hold views counter to Christian belief, but who support and even defend them.” In an interview yesterday with John Allen’s Crux, he added, more prophetically than he had perhaps intended, “I don’t think anyone can, or should, associate my letter with the USCCB or the American bishops. Neither was involved in my writing the letter, and its publication will be news to them.” “Bishops are quick learners,” he wrote in his letter, “and what many have learned from your pontificate is not that you are open to criticism, but that you resent it,” claiming that many bishops .” And sure enough, within hours of making his letter public, we learned that Fr. Weinandy had been . Of course, the Twitterverse is busy commenting on the irony: how a man expressing grave concerns that there is an atmosphere of fear of being punished for expressing grave concerns, was immediately fired. Perhaps the most astonishing aspect of this is just how completely blind the US bishops – as with nearly all the episcopate – are to what political analysts call the “optics”. Political consultants often ask: how does it look? And it looks . As though the fog of irony weren’t thick enough, in response to the outrage from Catholics, the USCCB has done what all the other members of Pope Francis’ cabal have done and started blocking critics from its Twitter account. Which, it must be said, only proves Fr. Weinandy’s point once again. Some of the criticism has been unusually sharp. Fr. Hunwicke wrote this afternoon, “This exemplifies the extent to which P[ope] F[rancis] is presiding over a in which compete to defeat each other in the sycophancy stakes. Just as Tom Weinandy has, in effect, just said.” As I write this, the outrage is doing the opposite of dying down, and is surely a sign of how fed up Catholics – even those who would never identify themselves as Traditionalists – have become with this pope and his cadre of . In his letter, Fr. Weinandy made a point of stating that he is not signatory to the Filial Correction or any other public declaration against Pope Francis’ agenda. In fact, a former student of his wrote to me today saying, “I see that Fr. Thomas Weinandy has been squashed. He was one of my professors in Patristics at Oxford and he was one of the most mild-mannered, least confrontational, kindest academics one could have hoped to meet. To me, the fact that he has chosen to write to express his concern about the crisis in the church and the papacy is very significant. He is neither a traditionalist, nor a controversialist, but a humble and straightforward Friar who is clear-thinking and entirely loyal to the Church and Her teaching. I would be surprised now if we were not see more of this sort of letter/exercise of conscience. I imagine that it’s going to become harder and harder for men of conscience and position to sit on the fence.” When I posted it, this assessment was backed up by Joseph Shaw, the head of the UK’s Latin Mass Society and the spokesman for the Filial Correction, who wrote, “This is absolutely right. Not a man to seek out confrontation.” The Crux piece offered a succinct bullet point list of Fr. Weinandy’s concerns. He said the pope is… Fostering “chronic confusion.” “Demeaning” the importance of doctrine. Appointing bishops with dubious “teaching and pastoral practice.” Giving prelates who object the impression . Causing faithful Catholics to “lose confidence in their Our friend Edward Pentin has reproduced the full text of the letter at the National Catholic Register which is definitely worth a read. Fr. Weinandy sent the letter to the pope on July 31, the Feast of St. Ignatius of Loyola. Like the Dubia cardinals, he said he made it public only after the pope had ignored it for months. Notable in his critique is its distinct pastoral flavour, his concern on the effect the situation is having on ordinary people. The pope, he said, seems “to censor and even mock” critics of Amoris Laetitia for their desire to interpret it in keeping with Catholic teaching, and in doing so is committing a “kind of calumny…alien to the nature of the Petrine ministry.” In an interview with Crux, Weinandy said he is not afraid of reprisals but “more concerned about the good that my letter might do.” The letter “expresses the concerns of many more people than just me, ordinary people who’ve come to me with their questions and apprehensions. I wanted them to know that I listened.” “1]” he said. In fact, Fr. Weinandy has , saying that this pontificate, and the lack of response to it from priests and bishops, is being allowed by God in order to reveal “just how weak is the faith of many within the Church,” He added that Francis has revealed that many in the Church “hold harmful theological and pastoral views.” Which inevitably brings to mind other responses that have not been quite so clear, nor so pastoral. When Cardinal Muller was removed abruptly from his position as head of the CDF, the conservative Catholic world wailed that it was another case of a “good” prelate being got rid of. And it seems clear from the way it was done, and the way Francis treated Muller in general, that he was indeed . But his depiction by conservative writers as a beleaguered champion of Catholic orthodoxy persecuted by the regime for his faithfulness betrays a somewhat selective memory and short attention span. Ed Pentin has a long file of interviews and articles about Muller that clearly show his complete inability to make up his mind whose side he’s on. A quick examination of Muller’s interviews and statements reveal an irresolute and ultimately calculating mind of a man who is – so I am told by sources close to him – motivated mainly by a puerile desire to be approved of by , on the