24 hours. Experts say as the death tolls hit 124 and more than 1,300 are left infected. The World Health Organization (WHO) has now issued in nine countries too. “If they are traveling shorter distances and they’re still in the incubation period, and they have the pneumonic (form) then they could spread it to other places,” said Chopra. “We don’t want to have a situation where the disease spreads so fast it sort of gets out of control. Most of the cases in the past have been of the bubonic plague but if you look at this particular outbreak, 70 percent of the cases are pneumonic plague, which is the most deadly form of the disease. .” Both forms of the plague can be cured with antibiotics, but getting treatment quickly is the key to survival. The Plague Is AIRBORNE And It’s Spreading Because The plague that’s airborne and has killed at least 124 people in Madagascar is now blamed on “ This is the time of year when the dead are wrapped in sheets and paraded through the streets while others dance around the bodies. . Since it’s airborne, anyone coming close to the corpse of a person who has died of the black death could themselves, catch the infection. , wrap them in a sheet, and dance with them through the streets in a sacred ritual, AFP reports. “If a person dies of pneumonic plague and is then interred in a tomb that is subsequently opened for [the ritual], ,” said Willy Randriamarotia, Madagascar’s health ministry chief of staff. , and say they have no intention of forgoing the ritual known as “famadihana.” They say they will continue to dance with the dead and intend to honor their ancestors. “I will always practice the turning of the bones of my ancestors — plague or no plague. ,” Helene Raveloharisoa told the wire service. Josephine Ralisiarisoa firmly believes the country’s . And , but health officials have even warned tourists, a source of money, to stay away from Madagascar for their own health. “I have participated in at least 15 famadihana ceremonies in my life. And I’ve never caught the plague,” she told the AFP. Jewish and Pro-Israel Students University Board for Opposing BDS . Jewish students have already faced plenty of harassment and hate at McGill. The latest incident at the Canadian university comes with a rather . A Jewish student at McGill University has been the student government board for having “conflicts of interest” due to his pro-Israel activism. Third-year student Noah Lew was one of 12 board members up for general assembly ratification on Monday evening following his victory as vice-president finance of the Arts Undergraduate Society. The ratification vote is typically a mere formality, but Monday’s was different due to Democratize Student Society of McGill University (SSMU), an organization that was established to resist the university’s ban of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement on campus. Democratize SSMU was able to pass a motion that required each board member to be voted upon separately under the grounds that they weren’t a fan of the names. When it was Lew’s turn, he was voted down, 105 to 73 with 12 abstaining, with applause following the vote. Two other students who had criticized BDS, Alexander Scheffel and Josephine Wright O’Manique, were also voted down. Democratize SSMU had targeted Lew and the other two students on the board because they had connections to the Canadian Jewish Political Affairs Committee (CJPAC) and were involved in getting the BDS ban passed, which Democratize SSMU claimed were “conflicts of interests.” Somehow I don't think being a member of a Muslim student group and supporting BDS would be considered a conflict of interest. But has been working rather hard to intimidate and penalize anyone involved in pro-Israel organizations. And to keep their going by maintaining control over student governments. Lew shared the experience on Facebook. “,” wrote Lew. “I was blocked from being able to participate in my student government because I am Jewish, because I have been affiliated with Jewish organizations, and because I believe in the right to Jewish self-determination.” Lew added that the experience shows the inherent anti-Semitism in the BDS movement. “If BDS is not anti-Semitic, ?” wrote Lew. “?” There are some more details here and a petition. On Monday night, three students were removed from the Board of Directors of the Students’ Society of McGill University (SSMU), McGill’s main student government. All three were targeted for removal either because they are Jewish or have vocally opposed anti-Jewish discrimination on campus. This episode is , and is merely the latest in a long string of antisemitic incidents at your university. Indeed, according to eyewitnesses, one of the members of the mob that removed the three directors was Igor Sadikov. You will remember Sadikov as the student politician who in February told his followers to “.” It is unclear whether Sadikov has faced any disciplinary action for this incitement to violence from your administration. Antisemitism at McGill does not emerge from a vacuum. Rather, it has been nurtured in part by , especially the McGill Daily, a publication which openly refuses to publish any “Zionist” content. In practice, this prevents McGill’s Jewish community from defending itself against to which it is subjected. If the Daily is committed to systematically excluding the voices of an ethno-religious community on campus, then it cannot continue to receive automatic student funding, as it does now. The double standard here is pretty clear. And we . The JFK Cover-Up Continues While the mainstream media was announcing for the past two weeks that President Trump was going to release the CIA’s long-secret records on the JFK assassination, I took a different position. On Monday of this week, I predicted that Trump would make a deal with the CIA that would enable the CIA to continue its cover-up of the JFK assassination. (See “I Predict Trump Will Continue the CIA’s JFK Assassination Cover-Up” and “No Smoking Guns in the JFK Records?”) On Thursday, the day of the deadline established by law for releasing the records, Trump granted the CIA’s request for continued secrecy, on grounds of “national security,” more than 50 years after the Kennedy assassination. Please, don’t start calling me Nostradamus. . was obviously negotiating all week with the CIA, and he was obviously pushing to get what he wanted all the way up to the very last day. On Thursday, the deadline established by law for releasing the records, the CIA undoubtedly blinked and Trump presumably got what he wanted in return for granting the CIA request for continued secrecy. Time to buy old US gold coins Some mainstream media commentators are criticizing the CIA for waiting until the very last day to make its case for continued secrecy. Displaying their naivete, . As I indicated in my Monday article, when someone in the federal government needs a favor from someone else, the someone else is going to ask for something in return. JFKu2019s War with the... Douglas Horne Check Amazon for Pricing. The fact is that the CIA put in its request to Trump for continued secrecy of its JFK records long before yesterday. But “ . Don’t forget: According to Trump’s own tweets, he had already ostensibly decided to deny the CIA’s request for secrecy before the Thursday deadline: Trump tweet sent on Saturday, October 21: “Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.” Trump tweet sent on Wednesday, October 25: “The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. ! Now, it’s theoretically possible that the CIA presented Trump on the Thursday deadline that showed that JFK records. ? Not likely at all! Instead, : . In the negotiations, both Trump and the CIA knew that Trump was in the catbird seat. The Kennedy Autopsy Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing. In the end, the CIA blinked, just as Trump knew it would. Contrary to what the mainstream press is asserting, . That’s what the mainstream media, forever wedded to the official story no matter how it is, simply cannot bring themselves to confront. Trump knew that he had the CIA over a barrel. As I indicated in my two articles this week, the CIA was between a rock and a hard place. On the one hand, it could refuse to grant Trump what he wanted and let the records be released, which . On the other hand, it could give Trump what he wanted and have to suffer . What did the CIA give Trump in return for Trump’s extending the CIA’s 50-year-plus secrecy? We don’t know, but my hunch is that it pertains to Russia. Here’s my next prediction: the congressional investigations into Trump’s supposed “collusion” with Russia are about to fizzle out. That’s because I believe that the CIA, as part of its deal with Trump, will order its assets in Congress to cease and desist with respect to that investigation. In my opinion, that’s the price the CIA had to pay in return for its continued cover-up of its U.S. regime-change operation in November 1963. Notice something else about the deal that Trump has presumably made with the CIA: The secrecy arrangement extends only to April. Ostensibly, the next six months are needed to carefully review the records to determine whether the records really to relate to “national security.” Regime Change: The JFK... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing. Not surprisingly, the mainstream media . For more than 50 years, the CIA has known why it has wanted those particular records to be kept secret. During the term of the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s, the CIA decided to keep these particular records secret for another 25 years. There are bound to be lots of CIA memoranda detailing why it was imperative to keep these particular records secret for as long as possible. Finally, the CIA made its request for secrecy to Trump at least several weeks ago. The notion that the CIA suddenly hit Trump yesterday with a new argument as to why “national security” would be threatened, after Trump had supposedly already rejected the arguments that had been presented to him, causing Trump to suddenly change his mind, . So, why the April deadline? Why not extend the secrecy for another 25 years, which is undoubtedly what the CIA wanted? Because Trump obviously needed collateral to ensure that the CIA complied with its part of the deal. If Trump had extended the secrecy for 25 years, he would have lost leverage to ensure that the CIA complied with its part of the bargain. Let’s say, hypothetically, that I’m right: that the CIA agreed to use its assets in Congress to shut down the Russia investigation. To make certain that the CIA fulfills its part of the bargain, Trump would need the April deadline so that the threat of the records release would continue hanging over the CIA. If the CIA fails to fulfill its part of the bargain, Trump releases the records in April. If the CIA squelches the Russia investigations, Trump grants another extension of time in April. in the U.S. national-security regime-change operation that took place in Dallas in November 1963, which succeeded in ousting from power a president who was, in the eyes of the U.S. national-security establishment, engaged in actions The CIA, Terrorism, an... Jacob Hornberger Check Amazon for Pricing. that constituted . In other words, unlike Lee Harvey Oswald, , the national security establishment did have motive, a powerful motive, , such as Mohamad Mossadegh, Jacobo Arbenz, Patrice Lumumba (, Fidel Castro, and Salvador Allende. JFK’s War with the National Security Establishment: Why Kennedy Was Assassinated by Douglas Horne, who served on the staff of the Assassination Records Review Board in the 1990s. Immediately upon the arrest of Lee Harvey Oswald, the official account was that this was just who decided, for no apparent reason, to assassinate Kennedy. One big problem is the official story, however, requires a . For anyone who has a mindset of conformity and deference to authority, that story makes sense because nothing is questioned or challenged. . For example, how many communist Marines have you ever heard of? Why would a genuine communist join the Marines in the first place, especially since the Marines had just recently killed millions of North Korean communists? Why would a genuine communist join the Marines knowing that he could be called upon at any moment to go to Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Europe, or elsewhere to kill fellow communists? How many communists do you know who like to kill fellow communists? It gets better. CIA & JFK: The Secret ... Jefferson Morley Check Amazon for Pricing. After Oswald supposedly tried to defect to the Soviet Union and promised U.S. Embassy officials in Moscow that he was going to deliver classified information to the Soviet Union, which was (, U.S. officials permitted him to return home with a , without even one grand-jury summons . Think about Martin Luther King, John Walker Lindh, Edward Snowden, the U.S. Communist Party, or the Fair Play for Cuba Committee. Think about how the U.S. national-security establishment treats what it suspects are communists or traitors. . Why, just look at how and he isn’t even an American. Recall the McCarthy hearings. Dalton Trumbo. The entire U.S. anti-communist crusade, including Vietnam, which more than 58,000 U.S. soldiers died killing communists. And they’re going to tell us that they just let Lee Harvey Oswald, a supposed ? . Soon after the Warren Commission was established, Warren called a super-secret meeting of the commission to address information that had come into Warren’s possession. That information was that Oswald was actually working for U.S. intelligence. Yes, a spy, the type of people that work for the CIA. That would make sense, especially given that the Marine Corps is a prime recruiting place for the CIA. Semper fidelis! Now, suddenly, all the circumstantial evidence in the Kennedy assassination falls into place. It begins to make sense. The mosaic starts to be filled out: . Unlike JFK, who had begun withdrawing troops from Vietnam, Johnson would The Man Who Killed Ken... Roger Stone Check Amazon for Pricing. protect national security by sending more troops to Vietnam. But to avoid detection, they needed a patsy, which is the term that Oswald used after his arrest. They needed to frame someone for the crime. And what better person to frame than a communist or an intelligence agent who the public would believe was a communist? Part of the scheme, obviously, would be to establish Oswald’s communist bona fides. That’s why he was sent to New Orleans, where, contradictorily, he would work for a right-wing business owner, work with a right-wing former FBI agent, and conduct a public protest in favor of Fidel Castro and Cuba. It was also why he was sent to Mexico City, where he would be ordered to visit the Cuban and Soviet Embassies, , maybe to enter Cuba to assassinate Castro. But . Things obviously went with the Mexico City operation because the investigation into it after the assassination was quickly shut down. Today, it remains . And guess what is included in the records that Trump has now agreed to continue suppressing. You guessed it! The CIA’s records relating to Mexico City! Ever since the assassination, .” One thing is for sure and undeniable: Despite the release of many of the CIA’s records in the 1990s and yesterday, . And neither would it have done so if Trump had not granted the CIA’s request for a continued cover-up of what it did on November 22, 1963. Reprinted with permission from The Future of Freedom Foundation. The Best of Jacob G. Hornberger ICE removes Guatemalan national wanted for murder NEW YORK — U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) removed a Guatemalan citizen Wednesday who was wanted in his home country on charges of homicide. Rigoberto Gonzalez-Aragon, 66, was returned to Guatemala City, via an ICE Air Operations charter flight, and transferred to the custody of Guatemalan law enforcement authorities. On March 9, ERO New York received a lead from the ICE Assistant Attaché for Removals in Guatemala that Gonzalez-Aragon was wanted for homicide and residing in the New York metropolitan area. On June 8, ERO deportation officers arrested Gonzalez-Aragon in Spring Valley, New York, for immigration violations. He had previously entered the country unlawfully at an unknown date and time. He had been in ICE custody since his June arrest. In September, he was ordered removed by an immigration judge, paving the way for his deportation. Since Oct. 1, 2009, . In fiscal year 2016, ICE conducted 240,255 removals nationwide. Ninety-two percent of individuals removed from the interior of the United States had previously been convicted of a criminal offense. Virginia: Muslim gets 20 years for joining ISIS, says they studied Islam for 8 hours every day “I didn’t agree with their ideology. Our daily life was basically prayer, eating, and learning about the religion for about eight hours.” . . “Virginia man Mohamad Jamal Khweis sentenced to 20 years in prison for joining ISIS,” by Justin Carissimo, CBS News, October 27, 2017 (thanks to Lookmann): A 28-year-old man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison after he was convicted of providing material support to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), the Justice Department said Friday. Mohamad Jamal Khweis from Alexandria, Virginia, was convicted by a federal jury in June. The Justice Department said Khweis left the U.S. in 2015 and eventually crossed into Syria through Turkey late that year. Khweis spent 2.5 months as a member of ISIS in northern Syria. In 2016, he surrendered to Kurdish forces in northern Iraq and was eventually turned over to U.S. authorities, the department said. … The department said Khweis used encrypted devices and mobile applications to hide his activity. After joining the militant group, he agreed to be a suicide bomber, prosecutors said…. “.” Kweis graduated from Alexandria’s Thomas Edison High School in 2007, where friends described him as “one of the guys.” “He wasn’t someone who was an outcast or something like that — he was one of the guys,” Harrison Weinhold told CBS News in March 2016. “There wasn’t anything that would lead me to believe that this was, like, on the radar, that he was just going to go join ISIS.” Article posted with permission from Robert Spencer First American Citizen To Be Convicted Of Joining ISIS Gets 20 Years The first American citizen to be convicted of successfully joining the Islamic State has been sentenced to 20 years in prison. Mohamad Khweis, unlike the dozens of other people in the United States who failed to join ISIS and were subsequently charged, actually made it to Syria, but after just three months tried to escape and was captured by Kurdish forces, The Washington Post reports. Khweis is an interesting case for numerous reasons. First, there was no particular event or friend who ignited his radicalization. Second, he successfully