will happen in June at the summit of the prime ministers in Brussels," he added. “Our presidency has taken a stand: we cannot give in to extortion. ." “,” Orban concluded. According to the Hungarian Government's website, posted about the ultimatum that was given over the weekend. Over the weekend, Belgian prime minister Charles Michel spoke about sending “an ultimatum” to the Visegrád countries which “reject solidarity”. The essence of this ultimatum would be that if by the end of June a consensus is not reached in the council of EU heads of government, then the planned reforms would be adopted with a qualified majority vote which would overrule dissenters. Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Péter Szijjártó said on Tuesday,“ He also referred to Michel's ultimatum as . “, irrespective of whether there is any pressure in this direction along the borders or from Brussels,” Szijjártó said. “The Belgian Prime Minister’s statement is also because this is the first time that people in Brussels are openly planning to push the mandatory resettlement quota through by force while totally ignoring the will of certain EU member states." “We regard this whole thing as unacceptable and we reject it," he added. “The countries of the Visegrád Group do not support the introduction of any kind of mandatory quota.” “Perhaps it doesn’t bother the Belgian Prime Minister that there are no-go zones in many Western European cities, or that recently, but this bothers the V4 because they do not want to live on a continent were ," he continued. Just this week, we reported that Hungary had grown weary of the talks of pushing illegal Muslim migrants on their country and Europe, and was preparing to walk away from the negotiating table. Orban has taken a tough stance in Hungary. He has . In December, he said that he was not concerned with what Brussels wanted, but was determined to defend Hungary's borders. PM Orban has done just that, too. Orban's border wall virtually eliminated illegal immigration. Orban is and seems to understand something that many do not and that is you do not allow a wholesale to pour into your country. Yes, they were. While Muslims need the Gospel for sure, . I say, Mr. Orban. I would like to hear more of that kind of talk from America's representatives. Puerto Rico says to receive $16 bln in federal disaster aid By Nick Brown Feb 9 (Reuters) - Puerto Rico said on Friday it will receive $16 billion in federal aid under a disaster recovery package signed on Friday by U.S. President Donald Trump. That money includes nearly $7 billion announced on Wednesday and will help the bankrupt U.S. territory recover from September's Hurricane Maria, according to a statement on Friday from Governor Ricardo Rossello and Jenniffer Gonzalez, Puerto Rico's nonvoting member of the U.S. Congress. Rossello said on Wednesday that Puerto Rico would get $4.9 billion to shore up its near-insolvent Medicaid system and another $2 billion or so under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program to repair its destroyed electric grid. On Friday, Rossello and Gonzalez said the island would receive a total of $11 billion under CDBG, a program run by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. The additional portion would be used to help local businesses and repair and build new homes, they said. In addition to a slow recovery from Hurricane Maria, its worst natural disaster in 90 years, Puerto Rico is navigating the largest bankruptcy in U.S. government history, with a combined $120 billion in bond and pension debt. The aid announced on Friday provides just a fraction of the $94.4 billion Rossello has said the island needs to recover from to its infrastructure and housing stock, although Puerto Rico is eligible to participate in other programs that could increase the aid to $45 billion, according to Friday's statement. Congress could also appropriate more money later. The governor has asked Congress for $46 billion in CDBG funding alone. Home damage in Puerto Rico, where the poverty rate is around 46 percent, was exacerbated by the existence of hundreds of thousands of , which are typically built by the owners themselves, without permits and often in squatter communities. "The work carried out in Washington - together with resident commissioner Jenniffer González - was able to deliver the message of the urgency of an allocation of funds that meets the needs of the Island," the governor said in Friday's statement. The disaster aid package signed by Trump on Friday - around $90 billion in total - covers a number of major disasters, including Hurricanes Irma, Harvey and Maria, as well as the recent California wildfires. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles. PressTV-Sun to cool down in next 30 years: Study Scientists say our Sun will likely enter a cooldown cycle as soon as 2050, but the phase has almost no effect on global warming. Physicist Dan Lubin at the University of California San Diego and two of his colleges managed to collect and observe relevant data for the past 20 years and came to the conclusion that the giant burning ball of gas in our planetary system might enter a “grand minimum” period of decreased ultraviolet radiation that would last for some 11 years by mid-century. “The cooldown… [is] a periodic event during which the Sun’s magnetism diminishes, sunspots form infrequently, and less ultraviolet radiation (UV) makes it to the surface of the planet,” researchers noted in a statement earlier this week, adding that “the event is triggered at irregular intervals by random fluctuations related to the Sun’s magnetic field.” The study, whose results were published in The Astrophysical Journal Letters, said the Sun is likely to be 6.9 percent cooler than its usual lowest amount of activity in the grand minimum. According to the researchers, the cooldown phase could echo those experienced in Europe in the mid-17th century, called the “Maunder Minimum,” or the prolonged sunspot minimum, during which temperatures were low enough to cause London's River Thames to freeze over on a regular basis and to freeze the Baltic Sea to such an extent that Swedish troops were able to invade Denmark in 1658 on foot by marching across the sea ice. However, scientists warned that it should not be assumed that the ultra-cooling of the sun would potentially prevent the negative effects of global warming. “The cooling effect of a grand minimum is only a fraction of the warming effect caused by the increasing concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere,” they said, adding, “After hundreds of thousands of years of CO2 levels never exceeding 300 parts per million in air, the concentration of the greenhouse gas is now over 400 parts per million, continuing a rise that began with the Industrial Revolution.” The study estimated that the Sun’s mid-century cooldown would probably only result in cooling the Earth by some 0.25 percent between 2020 and 2070. As a result, the temperature at the surface of our cosmic home would decrease by up to several tenths of a degree Celsius, which is not sufficient to stop global warming, but it could at least soften its effects in part. “Now we have a benchmark from which we can perform better climate model simulations. We can therefore have a better idea of how changes in solar UV radiation affect climate change,” said Lubin. Online Sociology Course Founders Over Whether Australia is a Country I'm not all that concerned with students working toward a major in poetry, media studies or some of the more ridiculous courses some colleges offer. It's sociology that worries me. . All too often, all you need is some statistics software (or its online equivalent), a politically correct premise and . Add the internet and you get . The story concerns Ashley Arnold, a 27-year-old working on an online sociology degree. As part of her final class, for which she paid almost $1,000, students were required to complete a project outline last month in which they would compare a social norm in the US and another country. For her "norm" Arnold picked social media use, and for her country she chose Australia. But when Arnold got her grade back on Feb. 1, she was to see her professor had failed her. Why? Because, according to the teacher, "Australia is a continent; not a country." . . I believe I got zero or partial credit because the instructor said, 'Australia is a continent; not a country. However, I believe that Australia is a country. The research starter on the SNHU’s Shapiro library written by John Pearson (2013) states, that Australia is the 'sixth-largest country in the world' (n.p.). The full name of the country is the Commonwealth of Australia, meaning Australia is both a continent and a country. Therefore, these sections of the rubric should be amended. Australia's nationhood is not a matter of belief. But we are in ". And has a different belief about Australia than yours does because of my degree of oppression. Finally, the professor responded: Thank you for this web-address After I do some independent research on the continent/country issue I will review your paper. Who can really say? America's Immigration Voice. Police identify suspect in death of 2 Ohio police officers by SARAH WYNN, WSYX/WTTE Saturday, February 10th 2018 COLUMBUS, Ohio (WSYX/WTTE) - The Westerville Division of Police has identified the suspect in the death of two Westerville police officers as Quentin Lamar Smith. According to police, a call came into the Westerville Emergency Dispatch 911 center Saturday as a hang-up. When officers responded to Cross Wind Drive, shots were fired at them, killing Officer Anthony Morelli and Officer Eric Joering. The Westerville city manager said Joering, 39, spent 17 years on the force. Morelli, 54, had 30 years with Westerville police. The City of #Westerville suffered a tremendous loss today. @WestervillePD Officer Anthony Morelli and Officer Eric Joering were killed in the line of duty. Please keep our first responders and the officers’ families in your thoughts and prayers. #WestervilleStrong pic.twitter.com/GcN3Y4FRvr — City of Westerville (@tellwesterville) February 11, 2018 Two police officers were murdered when they went to a domestic violence call--someone had called 911, and the call had been cut off in the middle. The Latest: Police identify suspect in 2 officers' shootings By The Associated Press WESTERVILLE, Ohio — Feb 10, 2018 Police in Ohio have identified a 30-year-old man as a suspect in the fatal shooting of two police officers in a Columbus suburb, and released reports showing authorities have had several dealings with him, some involving alleged domestic violence. Westerville police late Saturday confirmed that the suspect is Quentin Lamar Smith. Authorities released incident reports showing police had been to his home or had dealings with him several times since 2017. In a Nov. 29 incident, police say his wife, 33-year-old Candace Smith, asked about protection orders because she and Quentin Smith weren't getting along. She accused her husband of threatening to kill her, their daughter and himself. She told police he had a gun. Police say officers Eric Joering and Anthony Morelli were shot around noon after responding to a "potential domestic situation." [More] The suspect, alive and injured, has been named as Quentin Lamar Smith:Neither the police nor the AP has published a picture of Quentin Lamar Smith, but internet detectives have found this guy as the likely perp: Arrest Information: Name: Quentin Lamar Smith Location: Westerville, Ohio Age: 30 years Processing Date: 06-22-2017 Booking Charge: PROHIBITED ACTS A reminder that the Associated Press has an official policy of "not reporting race" when it's not "relevant". . Police had previously gone to Ohio home where officers were killed Police in Ohio had previously gone to the home where a man fatally shot two police officers for three domestic disputes but no arrests were ever made, incident reports from the Columbus suburb of Westerville show. Westerville officers Eric Joering, 39, and Anthony Morelli, 54, were killed shortly after noon Saturday in this normally quiet suburb while responding to a 911 hang-up call. The suspect, 30-year-old Quentin Smith, was shot and wounded by the officers and taken to Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in critical condition Saturday, a Westerville city spokeswoman said. The hospital would not provide updates on his condition Sunday. A series of 911 calls released by the city of Westerville provide some details about what happened Saturday at a complex of townhomes. Smith lived there with his wife, Candace, and a young daughter. Westerville police have provided few details about what happened inside the townhome. Westerville Police Chief Joe Morbitzer said at a news conference Saturday that Joering, a 16-year veteran, and Morelli, a 30-year-veteran, were shot immediately upon entering the residence. Columbus police are investigating the shootings. After the initial hang-up call at noon, a dispatcher called the number back and reached a woman who was crying and can be heard saying, "won't let me in." Officers are then sent to the home. At 12:12 p.m., an officer tells a dispatcher that it's "all quiet right now," followed by a door knock. At 12:13 p.m., after a dispatcher confirms contact has been made, a man's voice can be yelling, "We have shots fired." City of Westerville Police officers Anthony Morelli, 54, and Eric Joering, 39, were fatally shot while responding to a 911 call on Feb. 10, 2018 in Westerville, Ohio. Police officers Anthony Morelli, 54, and Eric Joering, 39, were fatally shot while responding to a 911 call on Feb. 10, 2018 in Westerville, Ohio. (City of Westerville) (City of Westerville) Four minutes later, someone, presumably a police officer, tells a dispatcher: "We have two officers down. Child on couch, one at gunpoint." It's unclear at what point Smith was shot. Other 911 calls show that Candace Smith was hiding in bushes in front of the home, pleading for help because her daughter is still inside the home while a dispatcher calmly tells her to stay there. "Please help," Candace Smith repeats several times in a call at 12:14 p.m. "He shot the police officers." Westerville police had gone to the couple's townhome for domestic disputes three times since September of last year. Joering and Morelli's names aren't listed on those calls. On Sept. 14, police responded to a call from Candace Smith that her husband was drunk and doing something to her car. A brief narrative from the officers says, "No dispute or argument." Candace Smith told officers they were separating, and that he left when she told him she was calling police. "Female has his key so she is not concerned about him coming back," the report said. A Nov. 29 report said Candace Smith went to the Westerville police station asking about a protection order. She told officers that Quentin Smith had come home drunk earlier in the week and had "forced himself on her," the report said. Candace Smith said she had found out that day she had been infected with a sexually transmitted disease, according to the report. Candace Smith also told officers that her husband had threatened to kill her, their daughter and himself if she left him. She said Smith always carried a gun despite being a convicted felon. Smith was convicted in Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland, of felony burglary and misdemeanor domestic violence charges in 2009 and was sentenced to four years in prison. Shortly after Candace Smith spoke with police at the Westerville station that day, police went to the home when Quentin Smith called to complain that his wife had locked him out of the house. They were told to stay in separate areas of the home. On Jan. 20, officers went to the home after Quentin Smith's mother called police to say the couple was arguing. They told police there weren't fighting Ohio Cop Killing Suspect’s Wife Hid in Bushes While Husband Shot Officers, 911 Call Shows The wife of the Ohio man suspected of killing two police officers on Saturday hid in the bushes as she called 911 to report that her husband had shot the cops, according to an audio recording of the call. Westerville Police Department officers Eric Joering, 39, and Anthony Morelli, 54, were allegedly shot dead by Quentin Smith after responding to a 911 hangup call. The call, which prompted officers to respond to the scene, came in just around noon on Saturday. In it, a woman can be heard crying before the line goes dead, the Cincinnati Enquirer reported. After dispatchers' attempts to return the call sent them to voicemail, Joering and Morelli went to the house, which had a history of domestic violence calls, according to the Columbus Dispatch. Reuters Reuters In the following call, the woman pleads for help. “Please help, please help,” she asks the dispatcher. “My husband shot the police officers,” the woman adds, telling the dispatcher she is hiding in the bushes while her one-year-old daughter is inside. She reported Smith shot one of the officers as he came into the house. Keep up with this story and more by subscribing now “I don’t hear my daughter crying anymore,” the woman says. Officers later said they found her daughter on the couch and held Smith at gunpoint. Police have not released many details about the way the events transpired, but did say that Smith had injuries and was transported from the home. Authorities had responded to the house as recently as three weeks ago for a reported disturbance, records obtained by the Enquirer showed. At the time, the home's residents told police that there was nothing amiss. Smith’s wife had told police in November that her husband illegally carried a “gun all of the time,” according to the Enquirer. Smith was convicted of burglary in 2008, barring him for possessing a firearm. Authorities have not released which type of gun was used in the shooting. Muslim Sofian Zakkout's New Crush: Anti-Semite Pastor Steve Anderson For nearly two millennia, Jews have suffered persecution after persecution at the hands of those who used religion as a vehicle for and . Recently, a video clip of anti-Semitic pastor Steve Anderson – – wound up on the personal Facebook page of South Florida Muslim leader Sofian Zakkout. According to Zakkout, who sits on the boards of two anti-crime groups, Anderson’s declaration “makes a lot of sense.” With statements like this from Zakkout and worse, why would groups committed to fighting crime continue to compromise themselves and sabotage their mission by affiliating with him? Sofian Abdelaziz Zakkout is the President of the American Muslim Association of North America (AMANA), a prominent Islamic organization headquartered in North Miami Beach, Florida. On January 25th, Zakkout posted onto his personal Facebook page a video clip of a speech made by Steve Anderson, the pastor of the Faithful Word Baptist Church in Tempe, Arizona. Anderson is notorious for calling for the killing of gays to end AIDS. In the clip, Anderson states the following: “And the Jews were scattered into all nations for literally 2000 years, right? For 1800 sum odd years. And by the way, everywhere they were scattered, they