Federal Register, Volume 91 Issue 164 (Wednesday, August 26, 2026)


[Federal Register Volume 91, Number 164 (Wednesday, August 26, 2026)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 54963-54966]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2026-17437]



[[Page 54963]]

=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

Patent and Trademark Office

37 CFR Part 6

[Docket No. PTO-T-2026-0463]
RIN 0651-AD96


International Trademark Classification Changes

AGENCY: United States Patent and Trademark Office, Department of 
Commerce.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) issues 
this final rule to incorporate classification changes adopted by the 
Nice Agreement Concerning the International Classification of Goods and 
Services for the Purposes of the Registration of Marks (Nice 
Agreement). These changes are listed in the International 
Classification of Goods and Services for the Purposes of the 
Registration of Marks (13th ed., ver. 2027) (Nice Classification), 
which is published by the World Intellectual Property Organization 
(WIPO), and will become effective on January 1, 2027.

DATES: This rule is effective on January 1, 2027.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Jessica Ludeman, Office of the Deputy 
Commissioner for Trademark Examination Policy, at 571-272-7183 or 
[email&#160;protected].

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This final rule incorporates classification 
changes adopted by the Nice Agreement that will become effective on 
January 1, 2027. Specifically, this rule amends two class headings to 
more clearly define the types of goods appropriate to the class.
    The USPTO is revising 37 CFR 6.1 to incorporate classification 
changes and modifications, as listed in the Nice Classification, 
published by WIPO, that will become effective on January 1, 2027. The 
Nice Agreement is a multilateral treaty, administered by WIPO, that 
establishes the international classification of goods and services for 
the purpose of registering trademarks and service marks. As of 
September 1, 1973, this international classification system is the 
controlling system used by the United States, and it applies, for all 
statutory purposes, to all applications filed on or after September 1, 
1973, and their resulting registrations. 37 CFR 2.85(a). Every 
signatory to the Nice Agreement must use the international 
classification system. Nice Agreement art. 1, June 15, 1957, 550 
U.N.T.S. 45 (amended on Sept. 28, 1979).
    Each state party to the Nice Agreement is represented in the 
Committee of Experts of the Nice Union (Committee of Experts), which 
meets annually to vote on proposed changes to the Nice Classification. 
Any state that is a party to the Nice Agreement may submit proposals 
for consideration by the other members of the Committee of Experts, in 
accordance with agreed-upon rules of procedure. Proposals are currently 
submitted annually to an electronic forum on the WIPO website, where 
they are commented on, modified, and compiled for further discussion 
and voting at the annual Committee of Experts meeting.
    In 2013, the Committee of Experts began annual revisions to the 
Nice Classification. The annual revisions, which are published 
electronically and enter into force on January 1 each year, are 
referred to as versions and identified by an edition number and the 
year of the effective date (e.g., ``Nice Classification, 10th ed., ver. 
2013'' or ``NCL 10-2013''). Each annual version includes changes 
adopted by the Committee of Experts since the adoption of the previous 
version, consisting of: (1) the addition of new goods and services to, 
and the deletion of goods and services from, the Alphabetical List; and 
(2) any modifications to the wording in the Alphabetical List, the 
class headings, or the explanatory notes that do not involve the 
transfer of goods or services from one class to another.
    As of January 1, 2023, new editions of the Nice Classification are 
published electronically every three years. They include all changes 
adopted since the previous annual version, as well as goods or services 
transferred from one class to another and new classes that have been 
created since the previous edition.
    The 36th session of the Committee of Experts, comprised of member 
states and WIPO, took place from April 27-May 1, 2026, at WIPO 
headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. The revisions contained in this 
final rule consist of modifications to class headings that were 
incorporated into the Nice Agreement through voting during the session.
    Under the Nice Classification, there are 34 classes of goods and 11 
classes of services, each with a class heading. Class headings 
generally indicate the fields to which goods and services belong. Based 
on the annual revisions to the Nice Classification, this rule amends 
descriptions of existing goods in two class headings to more clearly 
define the types of goods appropriate to the class. As a signatory to 
the Nice Agreement, the United States adopts these revisions pursuant 
to Article 1.

Discussion of Regulatory Changes

    The USPTO amends Sec.  6.1 to revise Class 6 to replace the comma 
following ``alloys'' with a semicolon.
    The USPTO amends Sec.  6.1 to revise Class 9 to replace ``divers''' 
in ``divers' masks'' and ``divers'' in ``ear plugs for divers, nose 
clips for divers'' with ``diving'' and to replace ``gloves for divers'' 
with ``diving gloves.''

Rulemaking Requirements

    A. Administrative Procedure Act: This final rule revises the 
regulations to reflect modifications to class headings, which indicate 
the classes to which goods and services belong, that were incorporated 
into the Nice Agreement. The changes in this final rule do not change 
the substantive criteria for the registration of a trademark. 
Therefore, the changes in this rulemaking involve rules of agency 
practice and procedure and/or interpretive rules and do not require 
notice-and-comment rulemaking pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(B). See Perez 
v. Mortg. Bankers Ass'n, 575 U.S. 92, 97, 101 (2015) (explaining that 
interpretive rules ``advise the public of the agency's construction of 
the statutes and rules which it administers'' and do not require 
notice-and-comment when issued or amended); Cooper Techs. Co. v. Dudas, 
536 F.3d 1330, 1336-37 (Fed. Cir. 2008) (stating that 5 U.S.C. 553, and 
thus 35 U.S.C. 2(b)(2)(B), do not require notice-and-comment rulemaking 
for ``interpretative rules, general statements of policy, or rules of 
agency organization, procedure, or practice''); In re Chestek PLLC, 92 
F.4th 1105, 1110 (Fed. Cir. 2024) (noting that rule changes that ``do[ 
] not alter the substantive standards by which the USPTO evaluates 
trademark applications'' are procedural in nature and thus ``exempted 
from notice-and-comment rulemaking.''); and JEM Broadcasting Co. v. 
F.C.C., 22 F.3d 320, 328 (D.C. Cir. 1994) (``[T]he `critical feature' 
of the procedural exception [in 5 U.S.C. 553(b)(A)] `is that it covers 
agency actions that do not themselves alter the rights or interests of 
parties, although [they] may alter the manner in which the parties 
present themselves or their viewpoints to the agency.''' (quoting 
Batterton v. Marshall, 648 F.2d 694, 707 (D.C. Cir. 1980))).
    B. Regulatory Flexibility Act: As prior notice and an opportunity 
for public comment are not required pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 553 or any 
other law, neither a Regulatory Flexibility Act analysis nor a 
certification under the Regulatory

[[Page 54964]]

Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is required. See 5 U.S.C. 603.
    C. Executive Order 12866 (Regulatory Planning and Review): This 
rulemaking has been determined to be not significant for purposes of 
Executive Order 12866 (Sept. 30, 1993).
    D. Executive Order 13563 (Improving Regulation and Regulatory 
Review): The USPTO has complied with Executive Order 13563 (Jan. 18, 
2011). Specifically, and as discussed above, the USPTO has, to the 
extent feasible and applicable: (1) made a reasoned determination that 
the benefits justify the costs of the rule; (2) tailored the rule to 
impose the least burden on society consistent with obtaining the 
regulatory objectives; (3) selected a regulatory approach that 
maximizes net benefits; (4) specified performance objectives; (5) 
identified and assessed available alternatives; (6) involved the public 
in an open exchange of information and perspectives among experts in 
relevant disciplines, affected stakeholders in the private sector, and 
the public as a whole, and provided online access to the rulemaking 
docket; (7) attempted to promote coordination, simplification, and 
harmonization across government agencies and identified goals designed 
to promote innovation; (8) considered approaches that reduce burdens 
and maintain flexibility and freedom of choice for the public; and (9) 
ensured the objectivity of scientific and technological information and 
processes.
    E. Executive Order 14192 (Deregulation): This regulation is not an 
Executive Order 14192 regulatory action because it has been determined 
to be not significant under Executive Order 12866.
    F. Executive Order 13132 (Federalism): This rulemaking pertains 
strictly to federal agency procedures and does not contain policies 
with federalism implications sufficient to warrant preparation of a 
Federalism Assessment under Executive Order 13132 (Aug. 4, 1999).
    G. Executive Order 13175 (Tribal Consultation): This rulemaking 
will not: (1) have substantial direct effects on one or more Indian 
tribes, (2) impose substantial direct compliance costs on Indian tribal 
governments, or (3) preempt tribal law. Therefore, a tribal summary 
impact statement is not required under Executive Order 13175 (Nov. 6, 
2000).
    H. Executive Order 13211 (Energy Effects): This rulemaking is not a 
significant energy action under Executive Order 13211 because this 
rulemaking is not likely to have a significant adverse effect on the 
supply, distribution, or use of energy. Therefore, a Statement of 
Energy Effects is not required under Executive Order 13211 (May 18, 
2001).
    I. Executive Order 12988 (Civil Justice Reform): This rulemaking 
meets applicable standards to minimize litigation, eliminate ambiguity, 
and reduce burden as set forth in sections 3(a) and 3(b)(2) of 
Executive Order 12988 (Feb. 5, 1996).
    J. Executive Order 13045 (Protection of Children): This rulemaking 
does not concern an environmental risk to health or safety that may 
disproportionately affect children under Executive Order 13045 (Apr. 
21, 1997).
    K. Executive Order 12630 (Taking of Private Property): This 
rulemaking will not effect a taking of private property or otherwise 
have taking implications under Executive Order 12630 (Mar. 15, 1988).
    L. Congressional Review Act: Under the Congressional Review Act 
provisions of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act of 
1996 (5 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), the USPTO will submit a report containing 
the final rule and other required information to the United States 
Senate, the United States House of Representatives, and the Comptroller 
General of the Government Accountability Office. The changes in this 
rulemaking are not expected to result in an annual effect on the 
economy of $100 million or more; a major increase in costs or prices; 
or significant adverse effects on competition, employment, investment, 
productivity, innovation, or the ability of United States-based 
enterprises to compete with foreign-based enterprises in domestic and 
export markets. Therefore, this rulemaking is not expected to result in 
a ``major rule'' as defined in 5 U.S.C. 804(2).
    M. Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995: The changes set forth in 
this rulemaking do not involve a Federal intergovernmental mandate that 
will result in the expenditure by state, local, and tribal governments, 
in the aggregate, of $100 million (as adjusted) or more in any one 
year, or a Federal private sector mandate that will result in the 
expenditure by the private sector of $100 million (as adjusted) or more 
in any one year, and will not significantly or uniquely affect small 
governments. Therefore, no actions are necessary under the provisions 
of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995. See 2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.
    N. National Environmental Policy Act of 1969: This rulemaking will 
not have any effect on the quality of the environment and is thus 
categorically excluded from review under the National Environmental 
Policy Act of 1969. See 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.
    O. National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995: The 
requirements of section 12(d) of the National Technology Transfer and 
Advancement Act of 1995 (15 U.S.C. 272 note) are not applicable because 
this rulemaking does not contain provisions that involve the use of 
technical standards.
    P. Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995: This final rule does not 
involve information collection requirements that are subject to review 
by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under the Paperwork 
Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.).
    Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no person is required 
to respond to, nor shall any person be subject to a penalty for failure 
to comply with, a collection of information subject to the requirements 
of the Paperwork Reduction Act unless that collection of information 
has a currently valid OMB control number.
    Q. E-Government Act Compliance: The USPTO is committed to 
compliance with the E-Government Act to promote the use of the internet 
and other information technologies, to provide increased opportunities 
for citizen access to Government information and services, and for 
other purposes.

List of Subjects in 37 CFR Part 6

    Administrative practice and procedure, Courts, Lawyers, Trademarks.

    For the reasons given in the preamble and under the authority 
contained in 15 U.S.C. 1112 and 1123 and 35 U.S.C. 2, as amended, the 
USPTO is amending 37 CFR part 6 as follows:

PART 6--CLASSIFICATION OF GOODS AND SERVICES UNDER THE TRADEMARK 
ACT

0
1. The authority citation for part 6 continues to read as follows:

    Authority:  Secs. 30, 41, 60 Stat. 436, 440; 15 U.S.C. 1112, 
1123; 35 U.S.C. 2, unless otherwise noted.

0
2. Revise Sec.  6.1 to read as follows:


Sec.  6.1  International schedule of classes of goods and services.

Goods

    1. Chemicals for use in industry, science and photography, as well 
as in agriculture, horticulture and forestry; unprocessed artificial 
resins, unprocessed plastics; fire extinguishing and fire prevention 
compositions; tempering and soldering preparations; substances for 
tanning animal skins and

[[Page 54965]]

hides; adhesives for use in industry; compost, manures, fertilizers; 
biological preparations for use in industry and science.
    2. Paints, varnishes, lacquers; preservatives against rust and 
against deterioration of wood; colorants, dyes; inks for printing, 
marking and engraving; raw natural resins; metals in foil and powder 
form for use in painting, decorating, printing and art.
    3. Non-medicated cosmetics and toiletry preparations; non-medicated 
dentifrices; perfumes; bleaching preparations and other substances for 
laundry use; cleaning, polishing and abrasive preparations.
    4. Industrial oils and greases, wax; lubricants; dust absorbing, 
wetting and binding compositions; fuels and illuminants; candles and 
wicks for lighting.
    5. Pharmaceuticals, medical and veterinary preparations; sanitary 
preparations for medical purposes; dietetic food and substances adapted 
for medical or veterinary purposes, food for babies; dietary 
supplements for human beings and animals; adhesive plasters, materials 
for dressings; material for filling teeth, dental wax; disinfectants; 
preparations for destroying vermin; fungicides, herbicides.
    6. Common metals and their alloys; ores; metal materials for 
building and construction; transportable buildings of metal; non-
electric cables and wires of common metal; small items of metal 
hardware; metal containers for storage or transport; safes.
    7. Machines, machine tools, power-operated tools; motors and 
engines, except for land vehicles; machine coupling and transmission 
components, except for land vehicles; agricultural implements, other 
than hand-operated hand tools; incubators for eggs; automatic vending 
machines.
    8. Hand-operated hand tools and implements; cutlery; side arms, 
except firearms; razors.
    9. Scientific, research, navigation, surveying, photographic, 
cinematographic, audiovisual, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, 
detecting, testing, inspecting, life-saving and teaching apparatus and 
instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, 
transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling the distribution 
or use of electricity; apparatus and instruments for recording, 
transmitting, reproducing or processing sound, images or data; recorded 
and downloadable multimedia files, computer software, blank digital or 
analogue recording and storage media; mechanisms for coin-operated 
apparatus; cash registers, calculating devices; computers and computer 
peripheral devices; diving suits, diving masks, ear plugs for diving, 
nose clips for diving, diving gloves, breathing apparatus for 
underwater swimming; fire-extinguishing apparatus.
    10. Surgical, medical, dental and veterinary apparatus and 
instruments; artificial limbs, eyes and teeth; spectacles, contact 
lenses and sunglasses; orthopaedic articles; suture materials; 
therapeutic and assistive devices adapted for persons with 
disabilities; massage apparatus; apparatus, devices and articles for 
nursing infants; sexual activity apparatus, devices and articles.
    11. Apparatus and installations for lighting, heating, cooling, 
steam generating, cooking, drying, ventilating, water supply and 
sanitary purposes.
    12. Vehicles; apparatus for locomotion by land, air or water.
    13. Firearms; ammunition and projectiles; explosives; fireworks.
    14. Precious metals and their alloys; jewellery, precious and semi-
precious stones; horological and chronometric instruments.
    15. Musical instruments; music stands and stands for musical 
instruments; conductors' batons.
    16. Paper and cardboard; printed matter; bookbinding material; 
photographs; stationery and office requisites, except furniture; 
adhesives for stationery or household purposes; drawing materials and 
materials for artists; paintbrushes; instructional and teaching 
materials; plastic sheets, films and bags for wrapping and packaging; 
printers' type, printing blocks.
    17. Unprocessed and semi-processed rubber, gutta-percha, gum, 
asbestos, mica and substitutes for all these materials; plastics and 
resins in extruded form for use in manufacture; packing, stopping and 
insulating materials; flexible pipes, tubes and hoses, not of metal.
    18. Leather and imitations of leather; animal skins and hides; 
luggage and carrying bags; umbrellas and parasols; walking sticks; 
whips, harness and saddlery; collars, leashes and clothing for animals.
    19. Materials, not of metal, for building and construction; rigid 
pipes, not of metal, for building; asphalt, pitch, tar and bitumen; 
transportable buildings, not of metal; monuments, not of metal.
    20. Furniture, mirrors, picture frames; containers, not of metal, 
for storage or transport; unworked or semi-worked bone, horn, whalebone 
or mother-of-pearl; shells; meerschaum; yellow amber.
    21. Household or kitchen utensils and containers; cookware and 
tableware, except forks, knives and spoons; combs and sponges; brushes, 
except paintbrushes; brush-making materials; articles for cleaning 
purposes; unworked or semi-worked glass, except building glass; 
glassware, porcelain and earthenware.
    22. Ropes and string; nets; tents and tarpaulins; awnings of 
textile or synthetic materials; sails; sacks for the transport and 
storage of materials in bulk; padding, cushioning and stuffing 
materials, except of paper, cardboard, rubber or plastics; raw fibrous 
textile materials and substitutes therefor.
    23. Yarns and threads for textile use.
    24. Textiles and substitutes for textiles; household linen; 
curtains of textile or plastic.
    25. Clothing, footwear, headwear.
    26. Lace and embroidery, and haberdashery ribbons and bows; 
buttons, hooks and eyes, pins and needles; artificial flowers; hair 
decorations; false hair.
    27. Carpets, rugs, mats and matting, linoleum and other materials 
for covering existing floors; wall hangings, not of textile.
    28. Games, toys and playthings; video game apparatus; gymnastic and 
sporting articles; decorations for Christmas trees.
    29. Meat, fish, poultry and game; meat extracts for culinary 
purposes; preserved, frozen, dried and cooked fruits, vegetables and 
seaweeds; jellies, jams, compotes; eggs; milk, cheese, butter, yogurt 
and other milk products; oils and fats for food.
    30. Coffee, tea, cocoa and substitutes therefor; rice, pasta and 
noodles; tapioca and sago; flour and preparations made from cereals; 
bread, pastries and confectionery; chocolate; ice cream, sorbets and 
other edible ices; sugar, honey, treacle; yeast, baking-powder; salt, 
seasonings, spices, preserved herbs; vinegar, sauces and other 
condiments; ice (frozen water).
    31. Raw and unprocessed agricultural, aquacultural, horticultural 
and forestry products; raw and unprocessed grains and seeds; fresh 
fruits and vegetables, fresh herbs; natural plants and flowers; bulbs, 
seedlings and seeds for planting; live animals; foodstuffs and 
beverages for animals; malt.
    32. Beers; non-alcoholic beverages; mineral and aerated waters; 
fruit beverages and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for 
making non-alcoholic beverages.
    33. Alcoholic beverages, except beers; alcoholic preparations for 
making beverages.
    34. Tobacco and tobacco substitutes; cigarettes and cigars; 
electronic

[[Page 54966]]

cigarettes and oral vaporizers for smokers; smokers' articles; matches.

Services

    35. Advertising; business management, organization and 
administration; office functions.
    36. Financial, monetary and banking services; insurance services; 
real estate services.
    37. Construction services; installation and repair services; mining 
extraction, oil and gas drilling.
    38. Telecommunications services.
    39. Transport; packaging and storage of goods; travel arrangement.
    40. Treatment of materials; recycling of waste and trash; air 
purification and treatment of water; printing services; food and drink 
preservation.
    41. Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and 
cultural activities.
    42. Scientific and technological services and research and design 
relating thereto; industrial analysis, industrial research and 
industrial design services; quality control and authentication 
services; design and development of computer hardware and software.
    43. Services for providing food and drink; temporary accommodation.
    44. Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care 
for human beings or animals; agriculture, aquaculture, horticulture and 
forestry services.
    45. Legal services; security services for the physical protection 
of tangible property and individuals; dating services, online social 
networking services; funerary services; babysitting.

John A. Squires,
Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
[FR Doc. 2026-17437 Filed 8-25-26; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-16-P