Federal Register, Volume 91 Issue 164 (Wednesday, August 26, 2026)


[Federal Register Volume 91, Number 164 (Wednesday, August 26, 2026)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 55008-55015]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Publishing Office [www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2026-17366]



[[Page 55008]]

=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE HUMANITIES

45 CFR Part 1110

RIN 3135-AA37; 3136-AA48; 3137-AA30


Rescinding Portions of the National Foundation on the Arts and 
Humanities Title VI Regulations To Conform More Closely With the 
Statutory Text and To Implement Executive Order 14281

AGENCY: National Endowment for the Arts, National Endowment for the 
Humanities, Institute of Museum and Library Services, National 
Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities.

ACTION: Final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: This rule amends the National Foundation on the Arts and the 
Humanities' (the Foundation) regulations implementing Title VI of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VI) to eliminate disparate-impact 
liability. These amendments align the conduct prohibited by the 
Foundation's regulations with Title VI text, avoid constitutional 
concerns, reduce compliance costs, and serve the public interest. In 
addition, these revisions are consistent with Executive Order 14281.

DATES: These regulations are effective August 26, 2026.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Daniel Fishman, Deputy General 
Counsel, National Endowment for the Arts, 400 7th St. SW, Washington, 
DC 20506, Telephone: 202-682-5418.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Background

    The Foundation operates under the National Foundation on the Arts 
and the Humanities Act of 1965, as amended (20 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), and 
consists of the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA), the National 
Endowment for the Humanities (NEH), the Institute of Museum and Library 
Services (IMLS), and the Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities 
(FCAH). The NEA, NEH, IMLS, and FCAH are collectively referred to as 
the ``Foundation's constituent agencies'' or the ``constituent 
agencies.''

II. Executive Summary

    This rule rescinds portions of the Foundation's regulations 
promulgated pursuant to Title VI, 42 U.S.C. 2000d-1, to more closely 
align its regulations with the language that Congress enacted in Title 
VI prohibiting intentionally discriminatory conduct, see 42 U.S.C. 
2000d. There are serious statutory and constitutional concerns with the 
legality of provisions in the Foundation's Title VI regulations that go 
beyond intentional discrimination by prohibiting conduct that has an 
unintentional disparate impact. This rule accordingly rescinds those 
portions of the regulations, which are in considerable tension with 
both the statute and the Constitution and do not sufficiently serve the 
public interest. First, this rule rescinds the full text of 45 CFR 
1110.3(b)(2), which currently prohibits the utilization of ``criteria 
or methods of administration which have the effect of subjecting 
individuals to discrimination because of their race, color, or national 
origin.'' Second, this rule removes the two uses of the phrase ``or 
effect'' from 45 CFR 1110.3(b)(3). Third, this rule rescinds the full 
text of 45 CFR 1110.3(b)(6). Fourth, this rule rescinds the full text 
of 45 CFR 1110.3(c)(3), which addresses employment practices of Federal 
funding recipients. Fifth, this rule rescinds the full text of the 
illustrative applications and examples under 45 CFR 1110.5(e), (f), and 
(g), in order to conform the illustrative applications to the foregoing 
revisions.
    The rule's revisions also conform to Executive Order 14281, 
Restoring Equality of Opportunity and Meritocracy, 90 FR 17537 (Apr. 
23, 2025). That Order states that ``[i]t is the policy of the United 
States to eliminate the use of disparate-impact liability in all 
contexts to the maximum degree possible to avoid violating the 
Constitution, Federal civil rights laws, and basic American ideals.'' 
Id. at 17537.
    The practical impact of this rule's modifications will be to 
clarify for the constituent agencies' recipients of Federal funding 
that the revised Title VI regulations do not prohibit conduct or 
activities that have a disparate impact and prohibit only intentional 
discrimination, and thus that the Foundation's constituent agencies 
will not pursue Title VI disparate-impact liability against their 
funding recipients.

III. Discussion

A. Statutory History of Title VI

    Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, provides: 
``No person in the United States shall, on the ground of race, color, 
or national origin, be excluded from participation in, be denied the 
benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any program or 
activity receiving Federal financial assistance.'' 42 U.S.C. 2000d. 
Title VI also directs Federal departments and agencies that extend 
Federal financial assistance to ``effectuate the provisions of'' Title 
VI ``by issuing rules, regulations, or orders of general 
applicability.'' 42 U.S.C. 2000d-1. The section of Title VI that sets 
forth the prohibited conduct, 42 U.S.C. 2000d, specifically prohibits 
intentional discrimination and makes no reference to unintentional 
disparate effects or impact. See Alexander v. Sandoval, 532 U.S. 275, 
280 (2001) (``[I]t is . . . beyond dispute--and no party disagrees--
that [Title VI] prohibits only intentional discrimination.''). The 
statute does not provide any Federal department or agency with 
authority to prohibit unintentional disparate impact. And despite ample 
opportunities, Congress has enacted no subsequent amendments to Title 
VI to impose disparate-impact liability.

B. Regulatory History of Title VI

    Pursuant to Executive Order 12250, ``[t]he Attorney General shall 
coordinate the implementation and enforcement by Executive agencies of 
. . . Title VI.'' 45 FR 72995, 72995 (Nov. 2, 1980). Accordingly, the 
Department of Justice (DOJ) acts as the lead Federal agency responsible 
for defining the nature and scope of Title VI's prohibition of 
discrimination on the basis of race, color, and national origin in 
programs or activities receiving Federal financial assistance. The 
Order directs DOJ to, among other things, ``develop standards and 
procedures for taking enforcement actions and for conducting 
investigations and compliance reviews.'' Id. Further, as part of this 
responsibility, the Order provides that other Federal agencies' 
regulations implementing Title VI are also subject to the Attorney 
General's approval. Id. at 72996.
    The initial set of model regulations for Title VI were issued by 
the then-Department of Health, Education, and Welfare on December 4, 
1964, which included only one reference to the ``effect of'' conduct in 
the ``discrimination prohibited'' provision of the rule. See 29 FR 
16298, 16299 (Dec. 4, 1964) (codified at 45 CFR 80.3(b)(2)). In 1973, 
the Foundation promulgated its regulations under Title VI. 38 FR 17991 
(July 5, 1973). In 1997, the Foundation issued a technical amendment to 
incorporate IMLS into the regulation, after IMLS was established as a 
subdivision of the Foundation under the Museum and Library Services Act 
of 1996. 62 FR 66826 (Dec. 22, 1997). In 2003, the Foundation added 
language regarding ``program or activity'' to reflect the amendment of 
Title VI by the Civil Rights Restoration Act of 1987. 68 FR 51384 (Aug. 
26, 2003). Thus, apart from the technical update of adding IMLS,

[[Page 55009]]

and the required updating of the phrase ``program or activity'' 
pursuant to the Civil Rights Restoration Act, the Foundation has not 
substantively updated its Title VI regulations since 1973--over 50 
years ago.

C. Relevant Supreme Court Decisions

    The Supreme Court has made clear that Title VI, 42 U.S.C. 2000d, 
does not prohibit facially neutral policies that result in disparate 
outcomes when there is no discriminatory intent. Rather, it prohibits 
only intentional discrimination.
    In 1978, the Supreme Court concluded that Congress intended Title 
VI to prohibit ``only those racial classifications that would violate 
the Equal Protection Clause'' if committed by a government actor. 
Regents of the Univ. of Cal. v. Bakke, 438 U.S. 265, 287 (1978) 
(Powell, J., announcing the judgment of the Court); id. at 325, 328, 
352-53 (Brennan, White, Marshall, and Blackmun, JJ., concurring in part 
and dissenting in part); see also Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v. 
President & Fellows of Harvard Coll., 600 U.S. 181, 198 n.2 (2023) 
(SFFA). Shortly before Bakke's Title VI holding, the Supreme Court held 
that the Equal Protection Clause prohibits only intentional 
discrimination and that ``a law or other official act'' that has a 
``racially disproportionate impact'' alone does not violate that 
Clause. Washington v. Davis, 426 U.S. 229, 239 (1976); see also Vill. 
of Arlington Heights v. Metro. Hous. Dev. Corp., 429 U.S. 252, 265 
(1977) (``Proof of racially discriminatory intent or purpose is 
required to show a violation of the Equal Protection Clause.''). Taken 
together, these Supreme Court cases establish that Title VI's statutory 
prohibition, like the Equal Protection Clause, extends only to 
intentional discrimination.
    In 2001, the Supreme Court, in Alexander v. Sandoval, reaffirmed 
that settled understanding. 532 U.S. at 280 (``[I]t is . . . beyond 
dispute . . . that [Title VI] prohibits only intentional 
discrimination.''). In Sandoval, the Supreme Court held that private 
plaintiffs lacked a private right of action to enforce DOJ's 
``disparate-impact regulations.'' Id. at 285-87. Though the Supreme 
Court had previously found a private cause of action to enforce Title 
VI's bar on intentional discrimination, id. at 279-80, that conclusion 
did not extend to enforcing DOJ's ``disparate-impact regulations,'' id. 
at 285. As the Supreme Court explained, it is ``clear'' that ``the 
disparate-impact regulations do not simply apply'' the statutory 
prohibition, as the regulations ``forbid conduct that [Title VI] 
permits,'' so it is equally ``clear that the private right of action to 
enforce [Title VI] does not include a private right to enforce these 
regulations.'' Id. Although the Supreme Court in Sandoval 
``assume[d],'' without deciding, that DOJ's disparate-impact 
regulations were valid, the Court explained that the regulations are in 
``considerable tension'' with the Supreme Court's Title VI precedents. 
Similarly, the regulations do not ``authoritatively'' construe Title VI 
because the regulations ``forbid conduct''--namely, policies that 
unintentionally result in a disparate impact--that Title VI 
``permits.'' Id. at 281-82, 284-85; see also id. at 286 n.6 (``[Title 
VI] permits the very behavior that the regulations forbid.'').
    In 2023, the Court emphasized that ``the equal protection clause 
requires equality of treatment before the law for all persons without 
regard to race or color.'' SFFA, 600 U.S. at 205 (cleaned up). In 
reviewing the admissions policies of certain higher education 
institutions, the Court explained that the Constitution requires 
``eliminating all'' racial discrimination. Id. at 206. To that end, it 
held that ``[a]ny exception to the Constitution's demand for equal 
protection must survive a daunting two-step examination known in our 
cases as `strict scrutiny,' '' which requires that racial 
classifications `` `further compelling government interests' '' and be 
`` `narrowly tailored'--meaning `necessary'--to achieve [such] 
interest[s].'' Id. at 206-07. Moreover, the Court explained that its 
``precedents have identified only two compelling interests that permit 
resort to race-based government action,'' only one of which is relevant 
in general government administration: ``remediating specific, 
identified instances of past discrimination that violated the 
Constitution or a statute.'' Id. at 207. Finally, in 2024, the Supreme 
Court overruled Chevron U.S.A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense 
Council, Inc., 467 U.S. 837 (1984). See Loper Bright Enters. v. 
Raimondo, 603 U.S. 369, 409-12 (2024). In reaching that result, the 
Supreme Court made clear that ``statutes . . . have a single, best 
meaning'' that is `` `fixed at the time of enactment.' '' Id. at 400 
(quoting Wis. Cent. Ltd. v. United States, 585 U.S. 274, 284 (2018)). 
Thus, Title VI's bar on discrimination can have only one meaning. And 
under Supreme Court precedent, the single, best meaning of Title VI is 
that it ``prohibits only intentional discrimination'' and ``permits'' 
facially neutral policies that result in disparate outcomes when there 
is no discriminatory intent. Sandoval, 532 U.S. at 280, 286 n.6.

D. Executive Order 14281

    On April 23, 2025, President Trump issued Executive Order 14281. 
This Order restated the ``bedrock principle of the United States . . . 
that all citizens are treated equally under the law.'' 90 FR at 17537. 
The Order explained that this ``principle guarantees equality of 
opportunity, not equal outcomes,'' and ``promises that people are 
treated as individuals, not components of a particular race or group.'' 
Id.
    The Order also explained that disparate-impact liability 
``endangers this foundational principle.'' Id. Disparate-impact 
liability, the Order reasoned, ``all but requires individuals and 
businesses to consider race and engage in racial balancing to avoid 
potentially crippling legal liability.'' Id. As the Order explained, 
disparate-impact liability ``not only undermines our national values 
but also runs contrary to equal protection under the law and, 
therefore, violates our Constitution.'' Id.
    The Order relayed that because of disparate-impact liability's 
problems, ``[i]t is the policy of the United States to eliminate the 
use of disparate-impact liability in all contexts to the maximum degree 
possible to avoid violating the Constitution, Federal civil rights 
laws, and basic American ideals.'' Id. The Order directed the Attorney 
General to, among other things, ``initiate appropriate action to repeal 
or amend the implementing regulations for Title VI of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964 for all agencies to the extent they contemplate disparate-
impact liability.'' Id. On December 10, 2025, DOJ amended its Title VI 
regulations to eliminate disparate-impact liability. 90 FR 57141 (Dec. 
10, 2025). The Foundation agrees with DOJ's rationale provided in its 
final rule, and accordingly, this rule also revises the Foundation's 
Title VI regulations to effectuate the Order's policy and purpose.
    In any event, the Foundation would have independently initiated 
steps toward modifying its Title VI regulation in alignment with 
Executive Order 14281. Even if the Order did not exist, in other words, 
the Foundation would have taken steps to adopt the policy to eliminate 
the use of disparate-impact liability under Title VI. The Order states, 
and the Foundation firmly agrees, that a ``bedrock principle of the 
United States is that all citizens are treated equally under the law,'' 
a principle that ``encourages meritocracy and a colorblind society,'' 
not race-, color-, or national-origin-based favoritism. 90 FR

[[Page 55010]]

at 17537. And adherence to this principle, including in the issuance of 
grants, ``is essential to creating opportunity, encouraging 
achievement, and sustaining the American Dream.'' Id.
    Imposing disparate-impact liability endangers these policy 
objectives. Disparate-impact liability also raises serious 
constitutional concerns, is in considerable tension with the single, 
best meaning of Title VI, creates confusion, increases the costs of 
compliance, and does not serve the public interest. After considering 
the relevant issues and factors and weighing the relevant 
considerations, the Foundation concludes that these reasons together 
support eliminating disparate-impact liability from the Foundation's 
Title VI regulations.

E. Need for Rulemaking

    The Foundation's regulations at 45 CFR part 1110, entitled 
``Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs,'' contain several 
provisions that prohibit conduct or activities causing unintentional 
disparate impact, without a statutory or constitutional basis for doing 
so. And in some instances, the regulations encourage or even require 
unlawful discrimination labeled as ``reasonable action.'' Section 
1110.3(b)(2) is the current regulation's general disparate-impact 
prohibition, which states that a ``recipient . . . may not . . . 
utilize criteria or methods of administration which have the effect of 
subjecting individuals to discrimination because of their race, color, 
or national origin.'' 45 CFR 1110.3(b)(2). Beyond that general 
prohibition, section 1110.3(b)(3) addresses a Federal funding 
recipient's selection of the site or location of facilities and 
includes two references to ``effect'' that extend the scope of 
prohibited conduct to include conduct with unintentional disparate 
impact. Id. 1110.3(b)(3). Section 1110.3(b)(6) concerns the use of 
``reasonable action,'' and provides that funding recipients may (and 
sometimes must) use race, color, or national origin to overcome 
unintentional disparate ``consequences,'' but does not expressly 
specify that the funding recipient must narrowly tailor such use to 
serve a compelling governmental interest, as is required to satisfy 
strict scrutiny. Id. 1110.3(b)(6). Finally, section 1110.3(c)(3) 
addresses prohibited discriminatory employment practices and extends 
beyond intentional discrimination to prohibiting conduct that ``tends'' 
to have a discriminatory effect. Id. 42.104(c)(2).
    There are serious statutory and constitutional concerns with the 
Foundation's Title VI disparate-impact regulations. There are also 
serious policy concerns because the current regulations create 
confusion, undermine public confidence in the Nation's civil rights 
laws and the rule of law, and produce burdensome litigation and 
compliance costs.
1. Serious Legal Concerns
    There are serious statutory concerns as to whether Title VI 
authorizes the disparate-impact provisions of the current regulations. 
As the Supreme Court has made clear, Title VI prohibits ``only 
intentional discrimination'' and ``permits'' facially neutral policies 
that result in disparate outcomes when there is no discriminatory 
intent. Sandoval, 532 U.S. at 280, 286 n.6. That is the ``single, best 
meaning'' of Title VI. Loper Bright, 603 U.S. at 400. As summarized 
above, Sandoval calls into serious doubt the legality of the 
Foundation's ``disparate-impact regulations.'' 532 U.S. at 281-82, 284-
85 (noting that DOJ's regulations, which the Foundation's regulations 
mirror, are in ``considerable tension'' with the Supreme Court's Title 
VI precedents); see also id. at 286 n.6 (``[Title VI] permits the very 
behavior that the regulations forbid.''). Although Sandoval resolved 
only the question of private enforceability, subsequent cases such as 
Loper Bright have made clear that the Foundation cannot extend Title VI 
beyond its single, best meaning. See 603 U.S. at 412-13 (holding that 
``courts must . . . ensur[e] that [an] agency acts within'' its 
statutory authority). And even in the absence of Supreme Court 
precedent, the Foundation would have concluded that the best reading of 
Title VI is that it prohibits only intentional discrimination. Id.
    Title VI authorizes agencies to promulgate regulations ``to 
effectuate'' the statute's prohibition of intentional discrimination. 
42 U.S.C. 2000d-1. The current regulations' extension of prohibited 
conduct to include conduct with an unintentional disparate impact 
reaches a vastly broader range of conduct than the statute itself. This 
range is too broad to be considered a simple prophylactic measure aimed 
at preventing intentional discrimination. See Sandoval, 532 U.S. at 286 
n.6 (``[Title VI] permits the very behavior that the regulations 
forbid.''). Thus, the disparate-impact regulations do not 
``effectuate'' Title VI. 42 U.S.C. 2000d-1.
    There are also serious concerns about whether the Foundation's 
Title VI regulations pass constitutional muster under the Equal 
Protection Clause. As the Supreme Court recently held in SFFA, ``the 
Equal Protection Clause . . . applies without regard to any differences 
of race, of color, or of nationality--it is universal in its 
application'' and the ``guarantee of equal protection cannot mean one 
thing when applied to one individual and something else when applied to 
a person of another color.'' 600 U.S. at 206 (internal quotation marks 
omitted) (first quoting Yick Wo v. Hopkins, 118 U.S. 356, 369 (1886), 
and then quoting Bakke, 438 U.S. at 289-90 (Powell, J.)). Despite the 
promises of the Equal Protection Clause, a funding recipient's risk of 
disparate-impact liability under the Foundation's regulations is 
triggered by unintentional disparate outcomes, which the recipient may 
not even have known about without investigation. To evaluate and avoid 
this risk, the funding recipient must incur investigatory costs, such 
as conducting an impact analysis, and is coerced to proactively 
consider race, color, and national origin, and potentially use such 
analysis to change the unintended disparate outcomes. In short, 
disparate-impact liability encourages and, in some cases, requires 
covered entities to engage in the intentional use of race and racial 
balancing to eliminate those disparate outcomes by treating certain 
racial groups differently from others--the exact conduct the Equal 
Protection Clause forbids. See id. This serious constitutional concern 
further confirms that the best reading of Title VI is that it prohibits 
only intentional discrimination and does not authorize Federal agencies 
to impose disparate-impact liability. See Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. v. 
Fla. Gulf Coast Bldg. & Constr. Trades Council, 485 U.S. 568, 575 
(1988) (``[W]here an otherwise acceptable construction of a statute 
would raise serious constitutional problems, the Court will construe 
the statute to avoid such problems unless such construction is plainly 
contrary to the intent of Congress.'' (citing NLRB v. Catholic Bishop 
of Chi., 440 U.S. 490, 499-501, 504 (1979))).
    This use of race, color, or national origin violates the Equal 
Protection Clause unless it survives review under the ``daunting'' 
strict-scrutiny standard. SFFA, 600 U.S. at 206; see also Free Speech 
Coal., Inc. v. Paxton, 145 S. Ct. 2291, 2310 (2025) (``Strict 
scrutiny--which requires a restriction to be the least restrictive 
means of achieving a compelling governmental interest--is `the most 
demanding test known to constitutional law.''' (quoting City of Boerne 
v. Flores, 521 U.S. 507, 534 (1997))). The use of race, color, or

[[Page 55011]]

national origin necessitated by the disparate-impact provisions runs 
into serious issues with the requirement of narrow tailoring to achieve 
a compelling interest. SFFA, 600 U.S. at 206-07.
    Similarly, the Foundation's ``reasonable action'' provision 
authorizes and sometimes requires the intentional use of race without 
requiring that this intentional use be narrowly tailored to serve a 
recognized compelling interest. Instead, it encourages intentional 
racial balancing ``to remove or overcome the consequences of'' 
unintended racial disparities. 45 CFR 1110.3(b)(6). Thus, for 
substantially the same reasons as above, the Foundation's ``reasonable 
action'' provision raises serious constitutional concerns.
    For the reasons summarized above, there are serious statutory and 
constitutional concerns with the Foundation's disparate-impact 
regulations. But even if the regulations were legal, eliminating the 
potential constitutional concerns addressed above would independently 
justify amending the regulations. Cf. U.S. Tel. Ass'n v. FCC, 188 F.3d 
521, 528 (D.C. Cir. 1999) (concluding it was not ``arbitrary and 
capricious'' to adopt a certain policy to ``avoid[ ] raising a non-
trivial constitutional question''). And even if the regulations did not 
raise serious constitutional concerns, eliminating the costs and 
confusion caused by the mismatch between the statute and the disparate-
impact regulations would independently justify repealing the disparate 
impact regulations.
2. Serious Policy Concerns
    There are also serious policy concerns with the Title VI 
regulations' imposition of disparate-impact liability. While policy 
concerns with disparate-impact liability exist independent of Executive 
Order 14281, that Order sets forth many valid policy concerns with 
disparate-impact liability. As noted in section 1 of the Order, ``on a 
practical level, disparate-impact liability has hindered businesses 
from making hiring and other employment decisions based on merit and 
skill, their needs, or the needs of their customers because of the 
specter that such a process might lead to disparate outcomes, and thus 
disparate-impact lawsuits. This has made it difficult, and in some 
cases impossible, for employers to use bona fide job-oriented 
evaluations when recruiting, which prevents job seekers from being 
paired with jobs to which their skills are most suited--in other words, 
it deprives them of opportunities for success.'' 90 FR at 17537. 
Moreover, the legal concerns identified above have caused uncertainty 
and confusion for Federal funding recipients as to whether and when 
they need to comply with the disparate-impact regulations and when they 
can or must consider race, color, and national origin. As explained 
above, Sandoval casts substantial doubt on the validity of the 
disparate-impact regulations that many Federal departments and agencies 
have promulgated pursuant to Title VI. 532 U.S. at 280-82.
    Additionally, in practice and as explained above, disparate-impact 
liability leads covered entities to engage in racial balancing even as 
Title VI forbids intentional racial discrimination. This tension tends 
to create confusion, undermine public confidence in the Nation's civil 
rights laws, and undermine public confidence in the rule of law itself, 
as the law seems to both forbid and require the same conduct.
    These problems are amplified by the arbitrary nature of the racial 
and ethnic categories typically used to measure disparate effects, 
which, by virtue of their arbitrariness, typically lack a meaningful 
connection to a compelling interest. See, e.g., SFFA, 600 U.S. at 216-
17 (explaining that the ``[racial] categories'' at issue were 
``themselves imprecise in many ways'' and ``the use of these opaque 
racial categories undermine[d], instead of promote[d], [their] 
goals''). This lack of clarity undermines the law's ability to 
encourage nondiscrimination. These policy concerns independently 
justify repealing disparate-impact regulations to eliminate confusion, 
remove the incentive for covered entities to engage in racial 
balancing, and maintain clarity and public confidence in the Nation's 
civil rights laws.
    The Foundation's constituent agencies have considered the view that 
examining disparate effects can sometimes be useful in uncovering or 
deterring subtle intentional discrimination or intentional indifference 
to unnecessary and arbitrary barriers. But any alleged benefits are 
outweighed by the other issues and factors described above that the 
constituent agencies have considered. And in any event, the concern is 
mitigated by the fact that eliminating disparate-impact liability does 
not preclude the use of data on disparate outcomes to help prove 
intentional discrimination. Each of the Foundation's constituent 
agencies and private litigants may rely on such data as a potential 
indicator of intentional discrimination. This use of a statistical 
disparity to help establish, as an evidentiary matter, liability for 
intentional discrimination materially differs from using such a 
disparity to impose liability for an unintentional disparate impact.
    The Foundation's constituent agencies considered adopting a version 
of this regulation that limits disparate-impact liability to claims 
involving certain categories of grantees, including grantees with a 
prior finding of noncompliance in operating an agency-funded program. 
The Foundation's constituent agencies decline to adopt that approach. 
Verifying such claims would be administratively untenable because it 
would require access to records the Foundation's constituent agencies 
do not retain for a sufficiently long period due to compliance with 
mandatory record retention regulations (or else require unreasonably 
long and costly document-retention policies), or would require the 
Foundation's constituent agencies to obtain records from other agencies 
to which they do not have regular access. The modification would also 
add another layer of administrative decision-making, creating 
additional work and delay between deserving claimants and the 
disposition of Title VI claims. In any event, that additional layer 
would not cure the absence of statutory authorization permitting 
Federal agencies to impose disparate impact liability.
    Additionally, the constituent agencies have considered the 
potential reliance interests of funding recipients and others on the 
disparate-impact regulations. However, the Sandoval decision cast 
serious doubt on the continuing viability of these regulations more 
than 25 years ago. Since Sandoval, enforcement of Title VI disparate-
impact regulations has been minimal and sporadic. Also, Executive Order 
14281 directed all Federal agencies to ``deprioritize enforcement of 
all statutes and regulations to the extent they include disparate-
impact liability.'' 90 FR at 17538. Accordingly, the constituent 
agencies' position is that any reliance interests should be minimal and 
do not outweigh legal and other policy concerns. Further, each 
constituent agency's concerns, whether considered cumulatively or 
separately, outweigh any reliance interests.
    The Foundation's constituent agencies note that Sandoval has also 
led to a divergence between Title VI enforcement by private plaintiffs 
and enforcement by Federal departments and agencies. After Sandoval, 
private plaintiffs can enforce only Title VI's statutory prohibition on 
intentional discrimination, while Federal departments and agencies have

[[Page 55012]]

continued to pursue disparate-impact liability. Repealing the 
disparate-impact regulations eliminates this incongruent enforcement.
    Overall, after considering the relevant issues and factors and 
weighing the relevant considerations, the Foundation's constituent 
agencies have determined that, regardless of the legality of the 
Foundation's disparate-impact regulations, the above summarized policy 
concerns, whether viewed separately or cumulatively, independently 
justify the repeal of its disparate-impact regulations.

IV. Regulatory Amendments

    This rule's regulatory changes address the concerns regarding the 
statutory authority that the Supreme Court questioned in Sandoval and 
the other legal and policy concerns discussed above; harmonize the 
implementing regulations' scope with the conduct that Congress intended 
Title VI to prohibit; promote consistent enforcement of Title VI among 
private plaintiffs and Federal departments and agencies; and provide 
much needed clarity to the courts and Federal funding recipients and 
beneficiaries.
    For the reasons summarized above, the Foundation's constituent 
agencies amend the following provisions in its Title VI implementing 
regulations that explain particular types of discrimination prohibited, 
located in 45 CFR part 1110.

A. Table Summarizing Amendments

    The table below indicates the exact wording changes made by this 
rule. For each section indicated in the left column, the action 
described in the middle column is taken with respect to the text 
identified in the right column.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
             Section                    Action              Details
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1110.3(b)(2)....................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of Sec.
                                                       1110.3(b)(2).
1110.3(b)(3)....................  Remove............  Remove ``or
                                                       effect'' from
                                                       both places.
1110.3(b)(6)....................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of paragraph (6).
1110.3(c)(3)....................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of paragraph (3).
1110.5(e).......................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of paragraph (e).
1110.5(f).......................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of paragraph (f).
1110.5(g).......................  Remove............  Remove full text
                                                       of paragraph (g).
------------------------------------------------------------------------

B. Section-by-Section Analysis

Section 1110.3(b)(2)
    Section 1110.3(b)(2) is the current regulation's general 
prohibition of conduct with unintentional disparate impact. It imposes 
liability on Federal funding recipients who ``utilize criteria or 
methods of administration which have the effect of subjecting 
individuals to discrimination.'' Because the only purpose of section 
1110.3(b)(2) is to extend the scope of Title VI to reach conduct giving 
rise to unintentional disparate impact, this rule deletes this 
paragraph in its entirety. Thus, it amends the Foundation's Title VI 
implementing regulations to conform to the scope of coverage Congress 
intended when it enacted Title VI and to address the legal and policy 
concerns described in this document. This rule replaces paragraph 
(b)(2) with a placeholder to maintain the numbering accuracy of 
previous citations and other references to parts of this section.
Section 1110.3(b)(3)
    Section 1110.3(b)(3) addresses a Federal funding recipient's or 
applicant's selection of the site or location of facilities. It 
provides that a funding recipient may not make selections with the 
``purpose or effect'' of discriminating, or ``with the purpose or 
effect of defeating or substantially impairing the accomplishment of 
the objectives of'' Title VI or the Foundation's implementing 
regulations. The paragraph's two references to ``effect'' extend its 
scope to conduct causing unintentional disparate impacts. This rule 
deletes both uses of ``or effect'' to conform paragraph (b)(3) more 
closely to the scope of coverage Congress intended when it enacted 
Title VI and to address the legal and policy concerns described in this 
document.
Section 1110.3(b)(6)
    Section 1110.3(b)(6) pertains to ``reasonable action'' to overcome 
the consequences of certain conduct. The paragraph authorizes such 
action even in the absence of a finding of prior discrimination in a 
program ``to remove or overcome the consequences of practices or 
impediments which have restricted the availability of, or participation 
in, the program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance, on 
the grounds of race, color, or national origin.'' This provision points 
not to intentional discrimination, but rather to the unintentional 
``consequences of practices or impediments.'' It accordingly encourages 
intentional racial classifications, racial preferences, and other race-
based actions without specifying the compelling governmental interest 
and narrow tailoring that the Equal Protection Clause demands. This 
section has long been unlawful under an Equal Protection Clause 
analysis.
    Paragraph (b)(6) also states that a recipient ``has an obligation 
to take reasonable action to remove or overcome the consequences of the 
prior discriminatory practice or usage'' where ``previous 
discriminatory practice or usage tends, on the grounds of race, color, 
or national origin, to exclude individuals from participation in, to 
deny them the benefits of, or to subject them to discrimination.'' This 
provision goes beyond the Equal Protection Clause, which, in limited 
circumstances permits, but does not mandate, a government to take 
narrowly tailored action to remedy the effects of its identified past 
discrimination. See, e.g., Bakke, 438 U.S. at 307 (Powell, J.). Even 
placing aside the mandatory language, this provision does not expressly 
require narrow tailoring to counter particular past discrimination, but 
rather ``reasonable action to remove or overcome the consequences of 
the prior discriminatory practice or usage.'' Accordingly, this 
provision promotes potentially illegal race, color, and national origin 
discrimination. Moreover, in some instances, it may even coerce 
recipients to consider and use racial preferences when the recipient 
does not want to. This is contrary to the goal of promoting and 
defending a culture of nondiscrimination and is destructive to the 
public's understanding of and faith in the Nation's civil rights laws. 
Therefore, this rule removes paragraph (b)(6).
Section 1110.3(c)(3)
    Section 1110.3(c)(3) addresses prohibited discriminatory employment 
practices. Paragraph (c)(1) prohibits intentionally discriminatory 
employment practices in a program for which a primary objective of the 
Federal financial assistance that program receives is to provide 
employment. Paragraph (c)(3) extends the prohibition on discrimination 
to employment practices of the funding recipient even

[[Page 55013]]

when ``a primary objective of the Federal financial assistance is not 
to provide employment'' if discrimination in the nonfunded ``employment 
practices of the recipient or other persons subject to the regulation 
tends, on the grounds of race, color, or national origin, to exclude 
individuals from participation in, to deny them the benefits of, or to 
subject them to discrimination under any program to which this 
regulation applies.'' This paragraph prohibits not only intentional 
discrimination but rather extends the prohibition to conduct that 
``tends'' to have a discriminatory effect.
    Moreover, paragraph (c)(3)'s extension to employment practices for 
which the Federal funding's primary objective is not to provide 
employment conflicts with the statutory limitation found in 42 U.S.C. 
2000d-3. That section states that ``[n]othing contained in [Title VI] 
shall be construed to authorize action under [Title VI] by any 
department or agency with respect to any employment practice of any 
employer, employment agency, or labor organization except where a 
primary objective of the Federal financial assistance is to provide 
employment.'' 42 U.S.C. 2000d-3; see also Johnson v. Transp. Agency, 
Santa Clara Cnty., 480 U.S. 616, 627-28 n.6 (1987) (citing the 
statutory limitation and noting Congress's intent that Title VI not 
``impinge'' on Title VII, which prohibits discriminatory employment 
practices). This rule deletes paragraph (c)(3) to amend the regulation 
so that it more closely adheres to the scope of conduct Congress 
prohibited under Title VI and to address the legal and policy concerns 
described in this document.
Section 1110.5(e), (f), (g)
    The ``Illustrative applications'' under section 1110.5 consist of 
examples that illustrate the application of the regulation to some of 
the activities for which Federal financial assistance is provided by 
the Foundation's constituent agencies. This rule deletes paragraph (e) 
because it is an illustrative example of section 1110.3(b)(2), which is 
being deleted for the reasons described above. Likewise, paragraphs (f) 
and (g) illustrate the application of section 1110.3(b)(6), which is 
also being deleted.

V. Severability

    The Foundation's constituent agencies' position is that each of 
this rule's amendments serves a vital, related, but distinct purpose. 
The constituent agencies also confirm that each of the amendments is 
intended to operate independently of one other and that the potential 
invalidity of one amendment does not affect the validity of other 
amendments. The constituent agencies adopt any of the amendments 
independent and regardless of the invalidity of a separate amendment.

VI. Regulatory Certifications

Administrative Procedure Act

    The Foundation's constituent agencies issue this final rule without 
prior public notice and comment or a delayed effective date pursuant to 
the exception in the Administrative Procedure Act (APA) for rules 
``relating to agency management or personnel or to public property, 
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts.'' 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).
    Title VI concerns nondiscrimination conditions on the receipt of 
Federal financial assistance, and more particularly on the receipt of 
Federal ``[g]rants and loans,'' ``property,'' ``personnel'' and ``[a]ny 
Federal agreement, arrangement, or other contract which has as one of 
its purposes the provision of assistance.'' 45 CFR 1110.13(f); see also 
id. 1110.4 (requiring funding recipient sign contractual assurance of 
compliance with Title VI); Cummings v. Premier Rehab Keller, P.L.L.C., 
596 U.S. 212, 217-18 (2022) (observing that Congress enacted Title VI 
``[p]ursuant to its authority to `fix the terms on which it shall 
disburse federal money''' (internal citation omitted)). Cf. Education 
Programs or Activities Receiving or Benefitting from Federal Financial 
Assistance, 82 FR 46655 (Oct. 6, 2017) (invoking the section 553(a)(2) 
exception to amend Title IX regulations to ``promote consistency in the 
enforcement of Title IX for [the Department of Agriculture] financial 
assistance recipients''); Preserving Community and Neighborhood Choice, 
85 FR 47899 (Aug. 7, 2020) (invoking the exception to repeal a Housing 
and Urban Development rule regarding Federal grantees); Participation 
by Minority Business Enterprise in Department of Transportation 
Programs, 53 FR 18285 (May 23, 1988) (invoking the exception to expand 
coverage of a Department of Transportation regulation regarding the 
Federal Aviation Administration's airport financial assistance 
program); Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Handicap in Federally 
Assisted Programs--Suspension of Guidelines with Respect to Mass 
Transportation, 46 FR 40687 (Aug. 11, 1981) (invoking the exception to 
suspend DOJ guidelines prohibiting disability discrimination in 
transportation programs and activities receiving Federal financial 
assistance).
    Invoking 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2) is consistent with the definition for 
Federal financial assistance provided by the U.S. Office for Management 
and Budget (OMB) in 2 CFR 200.1, which defines Federal financial 
assistance with the same categories as the APA's exception for rules 
``relating to agency management or personnel or to public property, 
loans, grants, benefits, or contracts,'' 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2). With 
potentially limited exceptions not applicable to the Foundation's 
constituent agencies, all forms of Federal financial assistance set 
forth under 2 CFR 200.1 that the constituent agencies administer fall 
under the ``public property, loans, grants, benefits, or contracts'' 
exception. Thus, the Foundation's constituent agencies issue this final 
rule without prior public notice and comment or a delayed effective 
date under 5 U.S.C. 553(a)(2).

Executive Orders 12866 and 13563 (Regulatory Review)

    The Foundation's constituent agencies have determined that this 
rulemaking is a ``significant regulatory action'' under section 3(f) of 
Executive Order 12866, 58 FR 51735, 51738 (Sep. 30, 1993), but not an 
``economically significant'' action under section 3(f)(1). Accordingly, 
this rule has been submitted to OMB for review.
    This regulation has been drafted and reviewed in accordance with 
section 1(b) of Executive Order 12866, id. at 51735, and section 1(b) 
of Executive Order 13563, 76 FR 3821, 3821 (Jan. 18, 2011), which 
supplements and reaffirms the principles of Executive Order 12866. 
These Executive Orders direct agencies to assess all costs and benefits 
of available regulatory alternatives and, if regulation is necessary, 
to select regulatory approaches that maximize net benefits. 58 FR at 
51735; 76 FR at 3821. Executive Order 13563 also recognizes that some 
benefits and costs are difficult to quantify and provides that, where 
appropriate and permitted by law, agencies may consider and discuss 
qualitative values that are difficult or impossible to quantify. Id.
    As explained in the preamble, the regulatory modifications in this 
rule conform the Foundation's regulations to Executive Order 14281; 
address serious concerns regarding Title VI disparate-impact 
regulations that the Supreme Court raised in Sandoval; harmonize the 
implementing regulations' scope with the scope of conduct that Congress 
intended Title VI to prohibit; promote consistency in enforcement among 
private plaintiffs and Federal departments and agencies; and provide 
much needed clarity to courts and

[[Page 55014]]

Federal funding recipients and beneficiaries regarding the scope of the 
Foundation's Title VI regulations. Indeed, with respect to section 
1110.3(c) of the Foundation's Title VI regulations, the changes made to 
this rule are necessary to bring the regulations into compliance with 
42 U.S.C. 2000d-3. In short, this rule is necessary to conform the 
Foundation's current regulations to existing statutory law, as 
interpreted by the Supreme Court.
    The costs and benefits of this rule are difficult to quantify due 
to data limitations. Although the figures below do not represent the 
monetary impact of the rule, the NEA issued approximately 14,950 
separate awards totaling approximately $942 million from fiscal year 
2020 through fiscal year 2024, and the NEH issued approximately 4,517 
separate awards totaling approximately $920 million during this same 
period. IMLS issued approximately 2,346 separate awards totaling 
approximately $1.03 billion from fiscal year 2022 through fiscal year 
2025. During the period from fiscal year 2020 through fiscal year 2024, 
the Foundation's constituent agencies did not conduct any Title VI-
related active investigations or compliance reviews regarding these 
funds and their recipients that centered on disparate impact alone. For 
enforcement actions that relate to both intentional discrimination and 
conduct having an unintentional disparate impact, the constituent 
agencies do not track and cannot reliably quantify the costs 
attributable to the varying disparate-impact portions of enforcement 
actions. Also, the existence of a disparate impact is sometimes a 
factor that may be considered in determining whether discrimination was 
intentional; this further impedes monetizing costs and benefits 
specific to disparate-impact enforcement. Therefore, the overall cost 
effect on the constituent agencies is difficult to quantify, although 
this rule should decrease the constituent agencies' enforcement costs. 
This rule also should have the benefit of bringing the constituent 
agencies' conduct in line with the law, which is also difficult to 
quantify. Similarly, the constituent agencies are unable to quantify 
how funding recipients will respond to the regulatory changes. But this 
deregulatory action should result in greater flexibility and lower 
compliance costs for recipients.
    The Foundation's constituent agencies recognize that a funding 
recipient may receive Federal funds from sources other than, and in 
addition to, the constituent agencies. Regardless, the constituent 
agencies do not envision that this rule will appreciably increase 
administrative costs or compliance costs for funding recipients that 
also must adhere to the regulations of another department or agency. 
This deregulatory action does not create any new obligations for 
constituent agencies' funding recipients. On the contrary, eliminating 
disparate-impact liability from the regulations eliminates a source of 
regulatory confusion, narrows and makes more specific the conduct 
prohibited, and thus lessens the costs of compliance and potential 
liability. Moreover, recipients that receive funds for the same program 
or activity from more than one Federal entity already enter into 
separate contractual assurances with each funding entity. See, e.g., 45 
CFR 1110.4 (the Foundation), 10 CFR 1040.4 (Department of Energy); 45 
CFR 605.5 (National Science Foundation); 45 CFR 80.4 (Department of 
Health and Human Services).
    Such assurances already impose varying requirements that each 
Federal funding source deems necessary. Thus, funding recipients will 
continue to be held to the most stringent contractual assurance and 
regulation. And in any event, the Foundation notes that other agencies 
are currently amending their regulations to align with the changes made 
in this rule, so the Foundation anticipates that there will be little, 
if any, disparity in Federal requirements regarding disparate-impact 
liability going forward.
    Based on the analysis of the practical qualitative costs and 
benefits noted above, the Foundation's position is that this rule is 
consistent with the principles of Executive Orders 12866 and 13563, 
including the requirements that, to the extent permitted by law, an 
agency adopt a regulation only upon a reasoned determination that its 
benefits justify its costs and choose a regulatory approach that 
maximizes net benefits. See 58 FR at 51735; 76 FR at 3821.

Executive Order 14192 (Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation)

    Executive Order 14192 requires an agency, unless prohibited by law, 
to identify at least ten existing regulations to be repealed when the 
agency publicly promulgates a new regulation. 90 FR 9065, 9065 (Jan. 
31, 2025). In furtherance of this requirement, section 3(c) of the 
Order requires that ``any new incremental costs associated with new 
regulations shall, to the extent permitted by law, be offset by the 
elimination of existing costs associated with at least 10 prior 
regulations.'' Id. By revising the Foundation's current Title VI 
regulations, which extend prohibited conduct to include unintentional 
disparate impacts and thus expand the scope of those regulations to a 
vastly broader range of conduct than the statute prohibits, this rule 
eliminates unnecessary regulation. Accordingly, the Foundation's 
constituent agencies consider this rule to be a deregulatory action 
under Executive Order 14192.

Executive Order 14294 (Fighting Overcriminalization in Federal 
Regulations)

    Executive Order 14294 requires agencies promulgating regulations 
with criminal regulatory offenses potentially subject to criminal 
enforcement to ``explicitly describe the conduct subject to criminal 
enforcement, the authorizing statutes, and the mens rea standard 
applicable to'' each element of those offenses. 90 FR 20363, 20363 (May 
9, 2025). This rule does not impose a criminal regulatory penalty and 
is thus exempt from Executive Order 14294's requirements.

Executive Order 13132 (Federalism)

    This rule will not have a substantial, direct effect on the 
relationship between the national government and the States, on 
distribution of power and responsibilities among various levels of 
government, or on States' policymaking discretion. States that choose 
to receive Federal financial assistance from the Foundation's 
constituent agencies do so voluntarily and agree to comply with 
relevant statutory requirements as a condition of receiving such 
funding. This rule does not subject States or any other funding 
recipients or beneficiaries to any new obligations. Rather, this rule 
amends and clarifies existing regulations that are required by statute. 
Therefore, in accordance with section 6 of Executive Order 13132, 64 FR 
43255, 43257-58 (Aug. 4, 1999), the constituent agencies have 
determined that these amendments do not have sufficient federalism 
implications to warrant the preparation of a federalism summary impact 
statement.

Executive Order 12988 (Civil Justice Reform)

    This rule meets the applicable standards set forth in sections 3(a) 
and (b)(2) of Executive Order 12988 to specify provisions in clear 
language. See 61 FR 4729, 4731-32 (Feb. 5, 1996). Pursuant to section 
3(b)(1)(I) of the Executive Order, id. at 4731, nothing in this or any 
previous rule (or in any administrative policy, directive, ruling, 
notice, guideline, guidance, or writing) directly relating to the 
program that is the subject of this rule is intended to

[[Page 55015]]

create any legal or procedural rights enforceable against the United 
States.

Executive Order 12250

    Pursuant to Executive Order 12250, DOJ has the responsibility to 
``review . . . proposed rules . . . of the Executive agencies'' 
implementing nondiscrimination statutes such as Title VI ``in order to 
identify those which are inadequate, unclear or unnecessarily 
inconsistent.'' 45 FR at 72995. DOJ has reviewed and approved this 
rule.

Regulatory Flexibility Act

    This rule does not require a regulatory flexibility analysis under 
the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA), 5 U.S.C. 603, 604, because, for 
the reasons described above, no notice of proposed rulemaking is 
required under 5 U.S.C. 553. See Or. Trollers Ass'n v. Gutierrez, 452 
F.3d 1104, 1123-24 (9th Cir. 2006) (noting that the RFA does not apply 
when an agency validly invokes an exception to the public comment 
requirements of 5 U.S.C. 553). Further, the Foundation's constituent 
agencies, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 605(b), have reviewed these 
regulations and certify that the rule's changes will not have a 
significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities 
because these regulatory changes do not impose any new substantive 
obligations on Federal funding recipients. Rather, the rule amends and 
clarifies existing regulations that are required by Title VI. Also, the 
rule brings constituent agencies into compliance with the Equal 
Protection Clause and harmonizes the scope of the current regulations 
to conform to the scope of Title VI, which does not prohibit conduct 
giving rise to unintentional disparate impact. All Federal funding 
recipients have been and will continue to be bound by existing 
standards that will remain in place after this rule is effective.

Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995

    The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (UMRA), 2 U.S.C. 1501 et 
seq., requires agencies to prepare several analytic statements before 
proposing any rule that may result in annual expenditures of $100 
million by State, local, or Tribal governments, or the private sector. 
2 U.S.C. 1532(a). However, UMRA also excludes from its coverage any 
proposed or final Federal regulation that ``establishes or enforces any 
statutory rights that prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, 
color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap, or disability.'' 
2 U.S.C. 1503(2). Accordingly, this rule is not subject to the 
provisions of UMRA.

Congressional Review Act

    The Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs has determined 
that this rule is not a ``major rule'' as defined by the Congressional 
Review Act, 5 U.S.C. 804(2).

Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995

    Pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act, 44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq., 
agencies must consider whether a rule will create additional burdens 
related to recordkeeping, paperwork, or information collection. This 
rule will not impose additional reporting or recordkeeping requirements 
under the Act.

List of Subjects for 45 CFR Part 1110

    Administrative practice and procedure, Civil rights, Equal 
employment opportunity, Grant programs.

    Accordingly, for the reasons set forth above, the NEA (for itself 
and on behalf of FCAH, for which NEA provides legal counsel), NEH, and 
IMLS amend part 1110 of title 45 of the Code of Federal Regulations as 
follows:

PART 1110--NONDISCRIMINATION IN FEDERALLY ASSISTED PROGRAMS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1110 is revised to read as follows:

    Authority: 42 U.S.C. 2000d, 2000d-1, 2000d-7; E.O. 12250, 45 FR 
72995; E.O. 14281, 90 FR 17537.

0
2. Amend Sec.  1110.3 by:
0
a. Removing and reserving paragraph (b)(2);
0
b. Revising paragraph (b)(3); and
0
c. Removing paragraphs (b)(6) and (c)(3).
    The revision reads as follows:


Sec.  1110.3  Discrimination prohibited.

* * * * *
    (b) * * *
    (3) In determining the site or location of facilities, a recipient 
or applicant may not make selections with the purpose of excluding 
individuals from, denying them the benefits of, or subjecting them to 
discrimination under any program to which this regulation applies, on 
the grounds of race, color, or national origin; or with the purpose of 
defeating or substantially impairing the accomplishment of the 
objectives of the Act or this regulation.
* * * * *


Sec.  1110.5   [Amended]

0
3. Amend Sec.  1110.5 by removing paragraphs (e), (f), and (g).

Mary Anne Carter,
Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts.
Michael McDonald,
Senior Deputy Chairman, National Endowment for the Humanities.
Lisa K. Solomson,
Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Director, Institute of 
Museum and Library Services.
[FR Doc. 2026-17366 Filed 8-25-26; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 7537-01-P